
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.603674                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2603674284000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2603674284000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 271279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   345198                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11733407598                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 403640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   221.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60197457                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76600355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    122683392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            705120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9050192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            132439216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       705120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          705120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3677632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data        3016072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6693704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15335424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              17220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             141443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15494095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data            754018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811481                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47119332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               270817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3475931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50866276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          270817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             270817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1412478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data             1158391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2570868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1412478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47119332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              270817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4634322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53437145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15494095                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811481                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         213992                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    991622080                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  51934784                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              132439216                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6693704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      336                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4510                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                974844                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                967900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                967764                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                968566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                968387                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                967635                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                967737                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                968249                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                968100                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                967668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               967710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               968007                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               968101                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               967570                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               967434                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               968087                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50753                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 50356                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50308                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51002                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 50784                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 50710                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 50687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50724                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51058                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                50650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                50587                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2603669924000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6652                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15335424                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152019                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57463                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1115862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    960938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    976049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3645924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2755202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2757935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2724600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     64133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     62351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                    112886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   163253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                   112534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    10838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    10625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    10371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    10165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   341488215750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              436408620750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  77468795000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 17451610000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       22040.37                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1126.36                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28166.74                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         380.85                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          19.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  50.87                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.57                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.40                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15418728                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    794030                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159679.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     14995645                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       7332                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    11230857                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2203                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     3487                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    184                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 15002977                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                11233060                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          26226502                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9535                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      26236037                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     61491397                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4471                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2343                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 61495868                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                          61491397                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      61495868                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5207348568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    60197457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      76600355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              68868122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  10269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2139722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7947784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     68868122                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         10269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           394755172                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           74176013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 7493                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2780                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27393871                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    15659652                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   11734219                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4579092042.576241                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               628256525.423759                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.120648                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.879352                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    83000                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 855484                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.979435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 60635401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 855996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  70.836080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            18713179000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.979435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.998007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.998007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     60635401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        60635401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      60635401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         60635401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     60635401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        60635401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       855996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        855996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       855996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         855996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       855996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        855996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11568776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11568776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11568776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11568776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11568776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11568776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     61491397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61491397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     61491397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     61491397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     61491397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     61491397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13514.988388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13514.988388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13514.988388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13514.988388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13514.988388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13514.988388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       855996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       855996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       855996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       855996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       855996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       855996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9856784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9856784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9856784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9856784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9856784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9856784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    298856500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    298856500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    298856500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    298856500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11514.988388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11514.988388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11514.988388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11514.988388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11514.988388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11514.988388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 61912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             50892.966587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1682705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                127293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 13.219148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          2553153097000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 37868.000507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     3.885514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.001401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   6995.362387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   6025.716777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.577820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.106741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.091945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.776565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       843754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       370328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       596040                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       596040                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       114438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       114438                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       843754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       484766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1340769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       843754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       484766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1340769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        10604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         9859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        20471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       133183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       133183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        10604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       143042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        153654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        10604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       143042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       153654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    561610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    535948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1098024500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       462000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       462000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6083213000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6083213000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       315500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    561610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6619161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7181237500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       315500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    561610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6619161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7181237500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       854358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       380187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596040                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       596040                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       247621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       247621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       854358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       627808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1494423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       854358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       627808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1494423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991038                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991038                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537850                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.537850                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        63100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 50333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52962.089777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54361.294249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53638.048947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   160.695652                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   160.695652                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45675.596735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45675.596735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        63100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 50333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52962.089777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46274.248123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46736.417536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        63100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 50333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52962.089777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46274.248123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46736.417536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        57463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            57463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       133183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       153654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       153654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       253755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       113753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430132104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    413197859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    843697471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     28847322                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28847322                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4445123890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4445123890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       253755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       113753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430132104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4858321749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5288821361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       253755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       113753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    430132104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4858321749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5288821361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    209116116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 166689052786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166898168902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   9175171345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9175171345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    209116116                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 175864224131                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176073340247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991038                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991038                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        50751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 37917.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40563.193512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41910.727153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41214.277319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10033.851130                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10033.851130                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33376.060683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33376.060683                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        50751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 37917.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40563.193512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33964.302436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34420.329838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        50751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 37917.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40563.193512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33964.302436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34420.329838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 627296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.912639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 23655010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 627808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  37.678733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              472186000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.912639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13195118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13195118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      9973036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9973036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       236277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23168154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23168154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23168154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23168154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       368785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        368785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       250522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        11402                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11402                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       619307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         619307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       619307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        619307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5224078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5224078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8042704500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8042704500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    155711000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    155711000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13266782500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13266782500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13266782500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13266782500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13563903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13563903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     10223558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       247679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23787461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23787461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23787461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23787461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024504                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046035                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14165.646650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14165.646650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32103.785296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32103.785296                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13656.463778                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13656.463778                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21421.980536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.980536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21421.980536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.980536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            596040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       368785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       368785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11402                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11402                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       619307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       619307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4486508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4486508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7541660500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7541660500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    132907000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132907000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12028168500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12028168500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12028168500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12028168500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 182082624500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182082624500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  18709226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18709226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 200791850500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200791850500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046035                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046035                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12165.646650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12165.646650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30103.785296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30103.785296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11656.463778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11656.463778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19421.980536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.980536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19421.980536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.980536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1199377224257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1199377224257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1199377224257                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1199377224257                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
