
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000017                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    16783500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   16783500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  18770                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    18768                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59128079                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 276316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5327                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             18496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                27072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        18496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           18496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           1102034736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            510978044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1613012780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      1102034736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         1102034736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          1102034736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           510978044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1613012780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           423                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            423                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        27072                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  27072                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    37                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                     5                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    10                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    19                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    39                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    11                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    28                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    46                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    46                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    18                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   14                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   20                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   10                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   34                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   15                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   71                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        16708000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     423                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        2671750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12995500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2115000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8208750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6316.19                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    19406.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30722.22                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1613.01                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1613.01                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          12.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.77                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   70.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        39498.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    1636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              1090                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 1343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     584                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             43.484736                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                      67                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            33568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken          651                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken          985                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads         5611                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites         3988                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses         9599                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads            0                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites            0                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses            0                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards           1718                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                       1472                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect          376                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          458                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted            834                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted               281                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     74.798206                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions             3957                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                 0                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                          9657                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                             481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           27323                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                             6245                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         18.604028                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                               715                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                              673                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                           1115                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                                173                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                             106                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                               2526                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                                0                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5327                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                          5327                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  5327                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               6.301483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.301483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.158693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.158693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                    28928                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                      4640                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               13.822688                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                    30373                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                      3195                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization                9.517993                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                    30535                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                      3033                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization                9.035391                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                    32593                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                       975                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization                2.904552                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                    30411                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                      3157                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization                9.404790                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                141.184744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                      896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   3.079038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     141.184744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.068938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.068938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total              896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total             896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18997500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18997500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18997500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18997500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         1258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.287758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.287758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.287758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.287758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.287758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.287758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52479.281768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52479.281768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52479.281768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52479.281768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52479.281768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52479.281768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.231320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.231320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.231320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53003.436426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53003.436426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53003.436426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53003.436426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53003.436426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53003.436426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               167.396977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.008772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    140.660763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     26.736213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.005109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15105500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18424500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4710000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4710000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15105500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      8029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     23134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15105500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      8029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     23134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52268.166090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62622.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53872.807018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58148.148148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58148.148148                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52268.166090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59917.910448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52268.166090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59917.910448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54691.489362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11527228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2664291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14191519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3719787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3719787                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11527228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6384078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17911306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11527228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6384078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17911306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39886.602076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50269.641509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41495.669591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45923.296296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45923.296296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39886.602076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47642.373134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42343.513002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39886.602076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47642.373134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42343.513002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 84.137936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                      914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   6.770370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      84.137936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.020541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.020541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data           914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total              914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data          914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total             914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     21812000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21812000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     25629500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     25629500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     25629500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     25629500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.085315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.613670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.613670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62581.967213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62581.967213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52813.559322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52813.559322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54070.675105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54070.675105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54070.675105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54070.675105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          557                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.406250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3385500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3385500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4793500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4793500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62694.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62694.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59179.012346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59179.012346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60585.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60585.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60585.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60585.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
