
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.102958                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1102958416500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1102958416500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66795                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1196309321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 404244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   921.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61582525                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      79269125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     48758784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           410752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4380596                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           405056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5224880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             59182180                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       410752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       405056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          815808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4259968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7287312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6094848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             81665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6257812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        44207273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              372409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3971678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              367245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4737150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                53657671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         372409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         367245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             739654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3862311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              15413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2729336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6607060                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3862311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       44207273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             372409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3987091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             367245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7466486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               60264731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6257812                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       823398                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         242000                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    400499968                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52697472                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               59182180                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7287312                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       78                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              12579                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                391407                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                391213                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                390854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                391610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                391518                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                390872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                390926                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                391637                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                391404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                390705                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               390857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               391237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               391233                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               390526                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               390472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               391263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 51413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 51231                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 51006                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 51680                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51540                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50963                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50973                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 52039                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51352                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51495                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51885                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51842                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51248                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51173                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51893                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       32627                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1102957282500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     105                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6094848                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  162859                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66562                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    493912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    430569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    391898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1441588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1085856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1098172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1064332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     26910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     24845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     44429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    63782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    44273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    12054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    11817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    15280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     7853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    32902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    32846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    32798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    32756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    32735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    32713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    32685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    32664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    32643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   199244474250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              239068869250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  31288670000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  8535725000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       31839.72                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1364.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  38203.74                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         363.11                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          47.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  53.66                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.61                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.22                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.41                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6213843                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    799878                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  97.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       155758.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         72564                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53751.759262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1839556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        137761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.353242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        39378.859227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       4.194190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.010198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4015.520084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2826.859367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      10.896267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          3720.882915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          3794.537014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.600874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.061272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.043134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.056776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.057900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.820187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        21638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             385706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             589485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             198042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1401521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          580941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               580941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1130                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             742                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1872                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               340                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58929                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               106971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         21638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              385706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              214697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              589485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              256971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1508492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        21638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             385706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             214697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             589485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             256971                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1508492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3789                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8930                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          641                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63471                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             82861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            82861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    349540500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    369073494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1249500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    380545500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    397720997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1499183991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8713990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11767499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     20481489                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       612500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2911000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3523500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3164041493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4107833997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7271875490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    349540500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3533114987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1249500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    380545500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4505554994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8771059481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    349540500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3533114987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1249500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    380545500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4505554994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8771059481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         392004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         173057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         595779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         204324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1426830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       580941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           580941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6271                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4531                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10802                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          563                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111513                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          392004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          284570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          595779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          339832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1673851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         392004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         284570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         595779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         339832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1673851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819805                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.836239                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.826699                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.768585                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.738899                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.756621                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.565125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.566956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.016066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.245539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.243829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.098790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.245539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.243829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.098790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66692.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 62333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55500.238171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57649.717901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        73500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60461.630124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63311.206145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59235.212415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1694.999027                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3105.700449                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2293.559798                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   955.538222                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6997.596154                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3333.491012                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49850.191316                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53641.781650                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51923.423706                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66692.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 62333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55500.238171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50564.810256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        73500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60461.630124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54374.856615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53042.528565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 66692.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 62333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55500.238171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50564.810256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        73500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60461.630124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54374.856615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53042.528565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66562                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66562                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5141                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3789                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8930                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          641                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63471                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        82836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       703763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    271011114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    287092769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1035767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301672543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    317723170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1179388628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51700505                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38483216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90183721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6462619                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4189409                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10652028                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2377449956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3149883999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527333955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       703763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    271011114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2664542725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1035767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301672543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3467607169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6706722583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       703763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    271011114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2664542725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1035767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301672543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3467607169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6706722583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5286835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12406848538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1838032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154667566747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167081540152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1050379735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25959313642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27009693377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5286835                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13457228273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      1838032                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 180626880389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 194091233529                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819805                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.836239                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826699                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.768585                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.738899                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756621                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.565125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.243756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.098744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.245405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.243756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 54135.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        49834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43065.487685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45112.000157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 60927.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47991.177696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50778.834905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46739.928982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10056.507489                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10156.562681                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10098.960918                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10082.088924                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10070.694712                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10077.604541                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37457.263254                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41132.477559                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39466.861514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 54135.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        49834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43065.487685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38154.832462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 60927.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47991.177696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41861.113151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40577.207474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 54135.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        49834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43065.487685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38154.832462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 60927.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47991.177696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41861.113151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40577.207474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5991996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4570590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           295222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3736406                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                2908427                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            77.840229                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 670993                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             28752                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8901229                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     28750                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5135502                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     5613                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1817                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      968                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   288                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      548                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8929979                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5141115                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14036731                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          34363                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14071094                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4213364                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5048                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1344                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1487                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4218412                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4213364                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5048                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4218412                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        67828518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11769514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      31989018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5991996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3579420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7508503                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1450801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     60684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              20631180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48154                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        85409                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          193                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4211784                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               156653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2012                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          41149957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.004329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.384713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                33648798     81.77%     81.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  562155      1.37%     83.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  818096      1.99%     85.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  677471      1.65%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  773499      1.88%     88.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  558438      1.36%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  664363      1.61%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  352105      0.86%     92.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3095032      7.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            41149957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.088340                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.471616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12268271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20578267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6812810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               512754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                977855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              934513                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                64660                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              39970940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               212731                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                977855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12837244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5740254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      12723807                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6707246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2163551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38872652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                437651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1233683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              23                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39221318                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            175562913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       175528548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34365                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30916412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8304905                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            410995                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        369967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5350401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7642102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5682819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1122438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1201311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  36799804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             894837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37219527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            80251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6274775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13129416                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        256270                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     41149957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.904485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.513383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26028016     63.25%     63.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5729313     13.92%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3155280      7.67%     84.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2465546      5.99%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2105206      5.12%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             932712      2.27%     98.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             494007      1.20%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             184426      0.45%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              55451      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       41149957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  26761      2.50%      2.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   453      0.04%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                841654     78.63%     81.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               201534     18.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52149      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22319985     59.97%     60.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46930      0.13%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  9      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           700      0.00%     60.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     60.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9357970     25.14%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5441771     14.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37219527                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.548730                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1070402                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028759                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         116765436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         43977253                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34319519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8378                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4660                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3869                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38233387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4393                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          306639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1370211                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2367                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13030                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       536244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2192745                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5335                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                977855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4123044                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                98683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37812695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            84467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7642102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5682819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            571073                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 39963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2983                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13030                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        149756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              267552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             36844879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9216416                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           374648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       118054                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14611375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4852197                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5394959                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.543206                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36651456                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34323388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18278983                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35164474                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.506032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.519814                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6082175                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         638567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           231668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     40172102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.778393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.739779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28502177     70.95%     70.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5716215     14.23%     85.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1915316      4.77%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       977454      2.43%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       784200      1.95%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       521856      1.30%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       386686      0.96%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       221286      0.55%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1146912      2.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     40172102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23670658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31269703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11418466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6271891                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     229601                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4243665                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27627466                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              489162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1146912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    75526096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   75683450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         360623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       26678561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2138046604                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23589916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31188961                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             23589916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.875318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.875318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.347788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.347788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               171729807                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34069963                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3242                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     898                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13000351                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                450996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                392023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.011023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 3788789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                392535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  9.652105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            6567370000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.011023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3788789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3788789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3788789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3788789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3788789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3788789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       422860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       422860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       422860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        422860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       422860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       422860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5794359497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5794359497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5794359497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5794359497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5794359497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5794359497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4211649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4211649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4211649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4211649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4211649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4211649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13702.784602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.784602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13702.784602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.784602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13702.784602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13702.784602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2670                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.583851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       392556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       392556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       392556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       392556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       392556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4741290497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4741290497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4741290497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4741290497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4741290497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4741290497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      7889500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7889500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.997781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12077.997781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.997781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12077.997781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12077.997781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12077.997781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                275942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               461.279186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9251897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                276454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 33.466316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              43505000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   461.279186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.900936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.900936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5774894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5774894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3157331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3157331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       139041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       139041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137030                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137030                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8932225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8932225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8932225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8932225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       392966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       392966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1582314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1582314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8784                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8784                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1975280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1975280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1975280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1975280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5474748500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5474748500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  60929978373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60929978373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88607500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88607500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46564000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     46564000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66404726873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66404726873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66404726873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66404726873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6167860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6167860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4739645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4739645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       147825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       147825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       144514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10907505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10907505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10907505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10907505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.333847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059422                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051787                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051787                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13931.863062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13931.863062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38506.881929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38506.881929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10087.374772                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10087.374772                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6221.806521                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6221.806521                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33617.880439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33617.880439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33617.880439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33617.880439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8609                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             78                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.472613                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    28.141026                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       204348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1452057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1452057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          461                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          461                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1656405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1656405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1656405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1656405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       130257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8323                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8323                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       318875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       318875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       318875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       318875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2375120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2375120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4054292491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4054292491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66886000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66886000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31600000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31600000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6429412491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6429412491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6429412491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6429412491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13513828500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13513828500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1180296878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1180296878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14694125378                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14694125378                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056303                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056303                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051774                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051774                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12592.223436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12592.223436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31125.332926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31125.332926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8036.284993                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8036.284993                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4223.469661                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4223.469661                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20162.798874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20162.798874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20162.798874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20162.798874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                9066051                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          7453207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           407044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6058627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                5236584                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            86.431860                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 771955                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             42437                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    42902362                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36935                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6824519                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    10718                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2005                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2714                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   302                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      645                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                42939297                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6835237                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         49726881                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          47653                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     49774534                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8392998                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      5431                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1531                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1493                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8398429                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8392998                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           5431                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8398429                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       408779942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          19814855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      66055643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    9066051                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           6008539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     14146730                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3957386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     64683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              77267641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42583                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       129813                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          133                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  8391200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               740435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2770                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         114169430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.700459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.044215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               100030180     87.62%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  795116      0.70%     88.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  937715      0.82%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1888304      1.65%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1526967      1.34%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  578073      0.51%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 2128721      1.86%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  409818      0.36%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 5874536      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           114169430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.022178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.161592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                21335636                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             76916914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 12791603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               523584                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               2601693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1104215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                98013                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              75225150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               326089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               2601693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                22720139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               31942959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      40740266                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 11835652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4328721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              69758398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                18799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                669077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3086745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             378                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           73725482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            321189458                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       321130296                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59162                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             49052273                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                24673209                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            444958                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        387932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  7868643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            13207791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8146456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1036357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1539549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  63487430                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1157915                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 89117422                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            94398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       16230957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45692140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        277223                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    114169430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.780572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.518996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           83779617     73.38%     73.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            8401659      7.36%     80.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4300327      3.77%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3769049      3.30%     87.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10578609      9.27%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1966316      1.72%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1028949      0.90%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             270980      0.24%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              73924      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      114169430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  31906      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   996      0.01%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7548325     95.86%     96.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               292902      3.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           313932      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             37601994     42.19%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               59184      0.07%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 11      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              7      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1510      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            43968762     49.34%     91.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7172015      8.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              89117422                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.218008                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7874129                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.088357                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         300405264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         80884614                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53615647                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              15005                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8070                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6847                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              96669700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   7919                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          342898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3454228                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3835                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16932                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1307521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31906117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       888056                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               2601693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               24180087                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               359608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           64749015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           111417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             13207791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8146456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            869148                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 64619                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3744                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         16932                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        200731                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       155107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              355838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             86675355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43272699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2442067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       103670                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    50383092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6989591                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7110393                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.212034                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      85698110                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     53622494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 29929482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 53410166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.131177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560371                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       16109317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         880692                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           310619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    111567737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.399552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     94819418     84.99%     84.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8239382      7.39%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2114964      1.90%     94.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1255344      1.13%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1246323      1.12%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       567268      0.51%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1001355      0.90%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       504765      0.45%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1818918      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    111567737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38062248                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              48149803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16592498                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9753563                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     190132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5967184                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6822                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 42685255                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              534609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1818918                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   172963873                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  131212452                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1408163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      294610512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  1796500385                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   37992609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     48080164                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             37992609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.759460                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.759460                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.092941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.092941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               387855246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               56190036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     4937                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2324                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               18474333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                405457                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                595836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               480.940966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 7749865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                596348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 12.995541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           74230255500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   480.940966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.939338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.939338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7749865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7749865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7749865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7749865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7749865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7749865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       641285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       641285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       641285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        641285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       641285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       641285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8628357996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8628357996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8628357996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8628357996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8628357996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8628357996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8391150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8391150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8391150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      8391150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8391150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      8391150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.076424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13454.794664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13454.794664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13454.794664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13454.794664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13454.794664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13454.794664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.651163                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        44912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        44912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        44912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       596373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       596373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       596373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       596373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       596373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       596373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7067932496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7067932496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7067932496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7067932496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7067932496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7067932496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.071072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11851.529992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11851.529992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11851.529992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11851.529992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11851.529992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11851.529992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                360523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               474.680181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                12675453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                360873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 35.124415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           70362031000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   474.680181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.927110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.927110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8307994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8307994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4138933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4138933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        97647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        97647                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        94867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12446927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12446927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12446927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12446927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       399316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       399316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1556536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1556536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13951                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13951                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10617                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10617                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1955852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1955852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1955852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1955852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6096380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6096380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  61399313493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61399313493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    129350500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    129350500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53940000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     53940000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  67495693493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  67495693493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  67495693493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  67495693493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8707310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8707310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5695469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5695469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       111598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       105484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14402779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14402779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14402779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14402779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.273294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125011                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125011                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100650                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100650                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15267.056667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15267.056667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39446.124916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39446.124916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9271.772633                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9271.772633                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5080.531224                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5080.531224                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34509.611920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34509.611920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34509.611920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34509.611920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3309                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.328800                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    72.616352                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       324541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           324541                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       171136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1394941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1394941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1433                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1433                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1566077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1566077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1566077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1566077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       228180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       161595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       161595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10611                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10611                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       389775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       389775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2858069500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2858069500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5115737712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115737712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88636500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88636500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32718000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32718000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7973807212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7973807212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7973807212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7973807212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168990097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168990097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  35704290190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  35704290190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 204694387190                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 204694387190                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112170                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112170                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100593                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100593                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12525.503988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12525.503988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31657.772283                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31657.772283                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7080.723758                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7080.723758                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3083.404015                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3083.404015                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20457.461900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20457.461900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20457.461900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20457.461900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 540179772418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 540179772418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 540179772418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 540179772418                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   41712                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   48858                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
