
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.955749                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1955749107000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1955749107000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 473674                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   473674                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            15599111797                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 350548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   125.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    59387196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      59387196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           829760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24747584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2650816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            34368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           397760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28660288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       829760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          864128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7682240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7682240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            386681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                447817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              424267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12653762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1355397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               17573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              203380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14654379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         424267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          17573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             441840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3928029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3928029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3928029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             424267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12653762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1355397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              17573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             203380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18582408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        447817                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120035                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         571031                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     28660288                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7682240                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               28660288                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7682240                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       69                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               3170                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 28165                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 28096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 28057                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 27780                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 28035                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 27969                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 27895                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 27905                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 28286                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 28089                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                28219                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                28029                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                27787                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                27999                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                27702                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                27735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7631                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7483                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7551                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7579                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7442                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7393                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7470                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7849                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7658                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7804                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 7534                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7353                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7502                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           9                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1955741979500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  447817                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120035                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      3658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      3124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      2694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      2706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      2651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      2603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                     1635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                     1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     1520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     4786344500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13401468250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2238740000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6376383750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10689.82                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14241.01                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29930.83                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.65                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  14.65                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   3.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         6.57                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     419819                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     92219                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  76.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3444105.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        340805                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65304.474621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2495359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        405916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.147476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    6939667751                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        55622.298055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4855.652105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4698.077679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           117.035866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            11.410916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.848729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.074091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.071687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.001786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.996467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             903439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             772649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst              86404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              33735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1796227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          821961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               821961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             169                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              54                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 223                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           172231                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            12736                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               184967                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              903439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              944880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               86404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               46471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1981194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             903439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             944880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              86404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              46471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1981194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            12965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           271584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2447                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           485                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2932                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         115482                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           6045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             121527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            387066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                406812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           387066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               406812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    808064500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11672931500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14352500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    12530429500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1060000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       227000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1287000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       115000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       137500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5534141500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    342947000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5877088500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    808064500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17207073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    357299500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     18407518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    808064500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17207073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    357299500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    18407518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         916404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        1044233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          86952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          33923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2081512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       821961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           821961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2616                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       287713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           306494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          916404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1331946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           86952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           52704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2388006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         916404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1331946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          86952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          52704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2388006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.260080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.006302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.005542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.137057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.935398                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.899814                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.929319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.776596                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.706294                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.401379                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.321868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.396507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.290602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.006302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.118264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.290602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.006302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.118264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62326.610104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42980.924870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64016.423358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76343.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43922.496801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   433.183490                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   468.041237                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   438.949523                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   803.571429                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1575.342466                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1361.386139                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47922.113403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56732.340778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48360.352021                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62326.610104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44455.139434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64016.423358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57323.840847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45248.217850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62326.610104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44455.139434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64016.423358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57323.840847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45248.217850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               78515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    78515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2447                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          485                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           73                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       115482                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        121527                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           406801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          406801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    644929955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8338657576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     27777281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12004183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9023368995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24640443                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4857984                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29498427                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       280028                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       730073                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1010101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4108313953                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    267375786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4375689739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    644929955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12446971529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     27777281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    279379969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13399058734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    644929955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12446971529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     27777281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    279379969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13399058734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1372993500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     18178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1391172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1972884000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    501380500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2474264500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3345877500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    519559000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3865436500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.006176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.935398                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.899814                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929319                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.776596                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706294                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.401379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.321868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.006176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.118264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.170352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.006176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.118264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49743.922484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30703.788058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51726.780261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63852.037234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31630.534136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10069.653862                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10016.461856                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10060.855048                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35575.361987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44230.899256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36005.906004                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49743.922484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32157.232950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51726.780261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44822.712819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32937.624868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49743.922484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32157.232950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51726.780261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44822.712819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32937.624868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41694                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     0.572926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1747683301000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       0.572926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.035808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.035808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21042998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21042998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10655791911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10655791911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10676834909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10676834909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10676834909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10676834909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 120936.770115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120936.770115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 256444.741793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 256444.741793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 255879.665173                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 255879.665173                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 255879.665173                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 255879.665173                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        285803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                27265                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.482413                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     11994249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11994249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8493795674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8493795674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8505789923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8505789923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   8505789923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8505789923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68932.465517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68932.465517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 204413.642520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204413.642520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 203848.677635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203848.677635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 203848.677635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203848.677635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8641604                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490673                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6049321                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      813                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    14690925                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678125                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3853653                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3857524                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3910164768                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   54125350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     54125350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             50093853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                294168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1428171                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6241814                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    50093853                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       294168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           68603455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          37120934                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              143452                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             146554                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14736943                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8672910                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6064033                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3679227117.452844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              230937650.547156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.059061                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.940939                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6366                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    203014                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   72751     40.62%     40.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.07%     40.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1976      1.10%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      7      0.00%     41.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 104234     58.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              179099                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    71384     49.27%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.09%     49.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1976      1.36%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       7      0.00%     50.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   71377     49.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               144875                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1898825619000     97.12%     97.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               94636000      0.00%     97.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              768885000      0.04%     97.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5899500      0.00%     97.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            55387314500      2.83%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1955082354000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981210                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.684777                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.808910                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   89      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3897      2.07%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               172231     91.49%     93.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6679      3.55%     97.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     97.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     97.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     97.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     97.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4753      2.52%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.20%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                188243                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7307                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1284                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1284                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1284                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.175722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.298917                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1951356000500     99.82%     99.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3486973000      0.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3898                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                915791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.170825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                53217526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                916303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 58.078524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           32591402000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.170825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.994474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     53217526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       53217526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     53217526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        53217526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     53217526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       53217526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       916424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       916424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       916424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12661489500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12661489500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12661489500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12661489500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  12661489500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12661489500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     54133950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54133950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     54133950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     54133950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     54133950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     54133950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13816.191523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13816.191523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13816.191523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13816.191523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13816.191523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13816.191523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       916424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       916424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       916424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       916424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       916424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       916424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10828641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10828641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10828641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10828641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10828641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10828641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11816.191523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11816.191523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11816.191523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11816.191523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11816.191523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11816.191523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1338546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               506.515538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                13360558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1338960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  9.978310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              94365000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   506.515538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.989288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7428425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7428425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5564911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5564911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       176719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       176719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       191683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       191683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12993336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12993336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12993336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12993336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1036642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1036642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       291308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       291308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        16366                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16366                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          435                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          435                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1327950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1327950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1327950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1327950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22380575500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22380575500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8193151000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8193151000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    214111000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    214111000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2551500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2551500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30573726500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30573726500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30573726500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30573726500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8465067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8465067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5856219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5856219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       193085                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193085                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       192118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       192118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14321286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14321286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14321286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14321286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.122461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002264                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.002264                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21589.493287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21589.493287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28125.389622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28125.389622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13082.671392                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13082.671392                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5865.517241                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5865.517241                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23023.251252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23023.251252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23023.251252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23023.251252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       791336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           791336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1036642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1036642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       291308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       291308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16366                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16366                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          435                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1327950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1327950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1327950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1327950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20307291500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307291500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7610535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7610535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    181379000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181379000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1681500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1681500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27917826500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27917826500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27917826500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27917826500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1465371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2092831000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2092831000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3558202000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3558202000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084761                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084761                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002264                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002264                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19589.493287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19589.493287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26125.389622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26125.389622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11082.671392                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11082.671392                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3865.517241                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3865.517241                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21023.251252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21023.251252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21023.251252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21023.251252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1047303                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2992                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     650380                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      341                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105247                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1697683                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3333                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1487846                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1489062                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3911498214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5261846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5261846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4930311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 34031                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     156775                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       508835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4930311                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        34031                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            6861337                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3717514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               22062                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21862                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1707139                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1053310                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    653829                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3891938527.998010                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              19559686.001990                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2300                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     35556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    8967     31.73%     31.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1970      6.97%     38.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     89      0.31%     39.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  17234     60.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               28260                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     8957     45.05%     45.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1970      9.91%     54.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      89      0.45%     55.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    8868     44.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                19884                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1918859770000     98.11%     98.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              708002500      0.04%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               60314000      0.00%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            36120248500      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1955748335000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998885                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.514564                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.703609                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.02%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  337      1.17%      1.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      1.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.02%      1.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                23668     81.85%     83.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2171      7.51%     90.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     90.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     90.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.01%     90.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2532      8.76%     99.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.47%     99.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 28917                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              802                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2068                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                477                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   13                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.594763                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.006286                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.286143                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3597793000      0.18%      0.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1722339500      0.09%      0.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1950428198000     99.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     338                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                 86405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               422.462851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 5178256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                 86917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 59.577022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle          1939963886500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   422.462851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.825123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.825123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5178256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5178256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5178256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         5178256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5178256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        5178256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst        86953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        86953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst        86953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         86953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst        86953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        86953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1177160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1177160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1177160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1177160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1177160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1177160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5265209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5265209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5265209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      5265209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5265209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      5265209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13537.888284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13537.888284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13537.888284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13537.888284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13537.888284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13537.888284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        86953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        86953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        86953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1003254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1003254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1003254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11537.888284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11537.888284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11537.888284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11537.888284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11537.888284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11537.888284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 52787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               417.162104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                 1641435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                 53299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 30.796732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle          1919955450000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   417.162104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.814770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.814770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1001433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1001433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       616401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        616401                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        10836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        11203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1617834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         1617834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1617834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        1617834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        37022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        37022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        20409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data          934                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          934                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          508                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          508                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        57431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         57431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        57431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        57431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    462724500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462724500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    544418500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    544418500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10274000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10274000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3750500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3750500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1007143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1007143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1007143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1007143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1038455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1038455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       636810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        11711                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1675265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1675265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1675265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1675265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032049                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.079354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043378                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043378                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12498.635946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12498.635946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26675.412808                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26675.412808                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7382.874016                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7382.874016                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17536.574324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17536.574324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17536.574324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17536.574324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        30625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            30625                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        37022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          934                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        57431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        57431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    388680500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388680500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    503600500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    503600500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8406000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8406000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2734500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2734500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    892281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    892281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     19387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     19387500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    530266500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    530266500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    549654000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    549654000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032049                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.079354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043378                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043378                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10498.635946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10498.635946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24675.412808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24675.412808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5382.874016                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5382.874016                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15536.574324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15536.574324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15536.574324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15536.574324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
