
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042726                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42725646500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                42725646500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    44211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21382391                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 280712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1998.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88340673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88340673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            454528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10592896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       454528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          454528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7295808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7295808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               7102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                165514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          113997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               113997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             10638294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            237289985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               247928279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        10638294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           10638294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         170759452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              170759452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         170759452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            10638294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           237289985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              418687731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        165514                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       113997                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         279511                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     10592896                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7295808                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               10592896                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7295808                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 10572                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 10465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 10270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 10169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 10534                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 10768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 10384                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 10283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 10421                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 10442                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                10202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9934                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                10515                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                10344                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                10131                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                10080                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7377                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7241                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  6946                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  6832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7241                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7023                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7006                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 7040                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6934                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7274                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 7250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7038                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 6992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     42725626000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  165514                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 113997                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     62488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     76381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     18709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      7928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     7078163250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9669555750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    827570000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1763822500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       42764.74                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    10656.64                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  58421.38                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         247.93                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         170.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 247.93                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                 170.76                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.23                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.41                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     148885                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     71702                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  62.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       152858.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                18741806                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          12317440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           4774691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             15571063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4663219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             29.947981                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1660960                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               1030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20277542                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      90148                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20367690                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14728781                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7252                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14736033                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35006323                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      97400                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35103723                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    12368482                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     10998                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                12379480                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         85451294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken      8073687                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken     10668119                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads     74170009                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites     52319250                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    126489259                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads        66071                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites       227630                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses       293701                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards       14164942                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                   35060353                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect      4447581                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       216610                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted        4664191                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted           9108383                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     33.865790                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions         44777788                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies             41107                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                      77182336                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                          229187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        15880194                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                         69571100                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         81.416087                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          20276638                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                         14613377                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       13754477                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                            8748916                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                            4583                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                           30791227                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                           151453                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88340673                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                      88340673                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              88340673                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.967293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.967293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.033813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.033813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 32800214                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                  52651080                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               61.615310                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                 42999576                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                  42451718                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               49.679433                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                 42421796                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                  43029498                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               50.355584                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                 63338785                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  22112509                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               25.877325                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 39402182                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                  46049112                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               53.889309                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  84283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1908.281182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 12251335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  86329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 141.914478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1908.281182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.931778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.931778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     12251335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12251335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      12251335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12251335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     12251335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12251335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       117137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        117137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       117137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         117137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       117137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        117137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1898913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1898913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1898913500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1898913500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1898913500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1898913500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     12368472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12368472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     12368472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12368472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     12368472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12368472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16211.047748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16211.047748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16211.047748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16211.047748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16211.047748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16211.047748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.812500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        30808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        86329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336106500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336106500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336106500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336106500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1336106500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336106500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15476.913899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15476.913899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15476.913899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15476.913899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15476.913899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15476.913899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                131591                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             30966.087647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  151345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                163649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.924815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 27282.334509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   2017.545117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   1666.208021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.832591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.061571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.050849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.945010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        79227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        33055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         112282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168351                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168351                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12879                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        79227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        45934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          125161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        79227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        45934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         125161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         7102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        27521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        34623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        165514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       165514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    454737500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1515184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1969922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12017688121                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12017688121                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    454737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13532872621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13987610121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    454737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13532872621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13987610121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        86329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        60576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        86329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       290675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        86329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       290675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.454322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64029.498733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55055.575742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56896.340583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91814.472508                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91814.472508                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64029.498733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85428.330057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84510.132804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64029.498733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85428.330057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84510.132804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       113997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           113997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    366405391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1172806844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1539212235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10428442785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10428442785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    366405391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11601249629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11967655020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    366405391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11601249629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11967655020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.454322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.082267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.775215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51591.860180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42614.979252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44456.350836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79672.726047                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79672.726047                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51591.860180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73234.664224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72305.998405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51591.860180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73234.664224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72305.998405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 200250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4078.188542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 33754850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 204346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 165.184785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              253407000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4078.188542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.995651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.995651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20180240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20180240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     13574610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       13574610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      33754850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         33754850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     33754850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        33754850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        96398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         96398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1038767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1038767                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1135165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1135165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1135165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1135165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3869387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3869387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  76774000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76774000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  80643387500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80643387500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  80643387500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80643387500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20276638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20276638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34890015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34890015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34890015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34890015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40139.707255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40139.707255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73908.778388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73908.778388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71041.115168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71041.115168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71041.115168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71041.115168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5035459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            116380                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.267391                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          519                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        35632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        35632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       895187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       895187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       930819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       930819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       930819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       930819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        60766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1910017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1910017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12290144000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12290144000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14200161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14200161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14200161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14200161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009825                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31432.330580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31432.330580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85597.882713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85597.882713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69490.770556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69490.770556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69490.770556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69490.770556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
