
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19476000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   19476000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   1322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                     1322                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                4028719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        6390                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          6390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data             10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                29952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            985828712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            552064079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1537892791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       985828712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          985828712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           985828712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           552064079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1537892791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           469                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            469                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        29952                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  29952                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    50                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    23                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    20                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    28                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    26                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    50                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    43                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    49                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    29                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    41                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   17                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                    6                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                    7                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                    3                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   30                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   47                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        19461500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     469                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        2627750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  13374000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2345000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     8401250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5602.88                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    17913.11                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28515.99                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1537.89                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1537.89                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          12.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.69                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        377                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        41495.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    1632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              1160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 1266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             27.804107                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         1183                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          7                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     1190                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                         866                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                     869                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         2049                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     2059                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                         915                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        17                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                     932                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            38953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken          502                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken         1130                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads         5201                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites         4567                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses         9768                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads            8                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites            2                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses           10                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards           2949                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                       2152                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect          320                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          325                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted            645                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted               406                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     61.370124                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions             4448                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                 1                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                         11544                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                             503                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           31578                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                             7375                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         18.933073                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                              1183                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                              865                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                           1050                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                                 17                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              17                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                               3254                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                                2                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        6390                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                          6390                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  6390                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               6.095931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.095931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.164044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.164044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                    34029                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                      4924                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               12.640875                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                    35060                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                      3893                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization                9.994095                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                    34792                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                      4161                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               10.682104                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                    37647                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                      1306                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization                3.352758                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                    34441                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                      4512                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               11.583190                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                142.957443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                      560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   1.860465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     142.957443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.069803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.069803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total              560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total             560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total          915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.387978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.387978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.387978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.387978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.387978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.387978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52123.943662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52123.943662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52123.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52123.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52123.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52123.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52524.834437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52524.834437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52524.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52524.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52524.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52524.834437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               199.973821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.002532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    143.049595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     56.924226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.006103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20888500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      3558500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3558500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      8903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     24447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      8903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     24447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51641.196013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56257.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52748.737374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48746.575342                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48746.575342                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51641.196013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52994.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52125.799574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51641.196013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52994.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52125.799574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11816250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4177308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15993558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2666299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2666299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11816250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6843607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18659857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11816250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6843607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18659857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39256.644518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43971.663158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40387.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36524.643836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36524.643836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39256.644518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40735.755952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39786.475480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39256.644518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40735.755952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39786.475480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                104.433203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                   9.529762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     104.433203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.025496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.025496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          350                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5722500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     15380500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     15380500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     21103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     21103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     21103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     21103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.404624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.218262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.218262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.218262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.218262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58994.845361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58994.845361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43944.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43944.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47210.290828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47210.290828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47210.290828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47210.290828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          178                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           89                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3636000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3636000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.080304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57326.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57326.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49808.219178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49808.219178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54059.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54059.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54059.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54059.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
