
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   105945500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  105945500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48441                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48441                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                4953275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 291288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    21.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1036095                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1036095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            22848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        22848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           28544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           215658051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           101486141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            47118566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            12081684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             4832673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             7853094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1812253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7853094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               398695556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      215658051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       47118566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        4832673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1812253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          269421542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          215658051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          101486141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           47118566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           12081684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            4832673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            7853094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1812253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7853094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              398695556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           661                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            735                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        42240                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  42240                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                 74                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    65                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    39                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    74                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    69                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    58                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    38                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    16                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    21                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    30                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    14                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   30                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   13                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                   37                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   60                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   74                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   23                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       105917500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     661                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        4080500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  20695500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3305000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    13310000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6173.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    20136.16                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31309.38                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         398.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 398.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.19                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        465                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   70.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       160238.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  82343                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            80122                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               79627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  77569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.415450                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          211892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             17012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        488761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      82343                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             78094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       160351                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   3870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles                 13040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1377                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     5901                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  484                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            194270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.515885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.216000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   33919     17.46%     17.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   79392     40.87%     58.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     605      0.31%     58.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                     996      0.51%     59.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     467      0.24%     59.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   75436     38.83%     98.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     571      0.29%     98.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     375      0.19%     98.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2509      1.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              194270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.388608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.306652                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   17669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                14482                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   159353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  2485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                485695                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  2485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   18316                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                    722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13165                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   159020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                  562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                482913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents                  156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             330456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               963041                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          963041                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               316991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   13465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               886                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     3563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              154365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              77987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            75234                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           75049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    403722                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                919                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   400870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          11014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       194270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.063468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.094328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              33101     17.04%     17.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4910      2.53%     19.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              77039     39.66%     59.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              76515     39.39%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1655      0.85%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                696      0.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                259      0.13%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 77      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 18      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         194270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     50     22.22%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     22.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    62     27.56%     49.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  113     50.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               169604     42.31%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              153865     38.38%     80.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              77401     19.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                400870                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.891860                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        225                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000561                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            996359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           415710                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       399019                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                401095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           74761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                    453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   37                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             480419                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               154365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               77987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    40                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1112                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1458                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               399786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               153534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        75778                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      230828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   79388                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     77294                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.886744                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        399367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       399019                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   236486                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   239045                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.883124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.989295                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1236                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       191785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.439388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.136415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        33586     17.51%     17.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        79020     41.20%     58.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2366      1.23%     59.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          689      0.36%     60.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          531      0.28%     60.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        74531     38.86%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          504      0.26%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          248      0.13%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          310      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       191785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              467838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                467838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        228634                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       152085                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     78436                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   315322                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      670698                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     963274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            319                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          17622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     392586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       392586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total               392586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.539734                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.539734                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.852765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.852765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  715161                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 322387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 232651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               245.594499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                    5155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  8.752122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   245.594499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.479677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.479677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         5155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           5155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         5155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            5155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         5155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           5155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     26567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     26567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     26567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     26567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     26567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         5901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         5901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         5901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         5901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         5901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.126419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.126419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.126419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35612.600536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35612.600536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35612.600536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35612.600536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35612.600536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35612.600536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21166500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21166500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21166500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21166500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21166500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21166500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35875.423729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35875.423729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35875.423729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35875.423729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 35875.423729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35875.423729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               143.449906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                  154093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                   170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                906.429412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   143.449906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.280176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.280176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        78219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        75963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         75963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       154182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          154182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       154182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         154182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11954500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11954500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24681495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24681495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       599500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       599500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36635995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     36635995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36635995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     36635995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        78694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        76507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       155201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       155201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25167.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25167.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45370.395221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45370.395221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28547.619048                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28547.619048                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35952.890088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35952.890088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35952.890088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35952.890088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5407500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5407500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5740000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5740000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       557500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       557500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11147500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11147500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11147500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11147500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002235                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002235                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28611.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28611.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33567.251462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33567.251462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26547.619048                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26547.619048                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30965.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30965.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30965.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30965.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  56473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            53777                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               50438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  49675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.487252                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          175078                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             25485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        320653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      56473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             50355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       109933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   3703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles                 25650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         6381                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          795                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    16660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  263                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            170597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.879593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.199930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   60664     35.56%     35.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   55109     32.30%     67.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    4624      2.71%     70.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3194      1.87%     72.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     685      0.40%     72.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   41191     24.15%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1119      0.66%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     783      0.46%     98.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    3228      1.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              170597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.322559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.831487                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   29160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                23609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                   105420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 3678                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  2349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                317245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  2349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   29851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  11179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         11654                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                   102051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                 7132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                315250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents                   41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             222317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               613423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          613423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               209500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   12817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1100                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                     9565                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               91347                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              44397                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            43115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           39365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    263703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   264442                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              134                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          10738                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10286                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           531                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       170597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.550098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.309842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              57935     33.96%     33.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              18114     10.62%     44.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              44440     26.05%     70.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              45139     26.46%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3372      1.98%     99.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1210      0.71%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                275      0.16%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 53      0.03%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 59      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         170597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     17      5.80%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      5.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    66     22.53%     28.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210     71.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               126483     47.83%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               94216     35.63%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              43743     16.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                264442                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.510424                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        293                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001108                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            699908                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           279269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       262662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                264735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           39130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1437                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   1341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   64                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             312497                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                91347                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               44397                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1061                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    64                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          950                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               263311                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                90404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        44011                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      134069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   53318                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     43665                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.503964                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        262943                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       262662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   150856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   155566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.500257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.969723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           4252                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       161867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.854590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.083667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        55765     34.45%     34.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        51311     31.70%     66.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6076      3.75%     69.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5204      3.21%     73.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1553      0.96%     74.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39486     24.39%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          647      0.40%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1002      0.62%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          823      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       161867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              300197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                300197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        131930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        88970                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       3544                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     52469                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   206526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                  823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      472949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     627337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           4481                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       36812                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     253388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       253388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total               253388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.690948                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.690948                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.447286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.447286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  460976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 214498                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 135647                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                85.226466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                   16176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 38.061176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    85.226466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.166458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.166458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        16176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          16176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        16176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           16176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        16176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          16176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     10452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     10452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     10452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        16660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        16660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        16660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        16660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        16660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        16660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21595.041322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21595.041322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21595.041322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21595.041322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 21595.041322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21595.041322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      8244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.025510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.025510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.025510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19397.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19397.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19397.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19397.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 19397.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19397.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                27.077196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   49103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs               1693.206897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    27.077196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.052885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.052885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        50842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          50842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        42756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        93598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           93598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        93598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          93598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3190500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3190500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       514000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       514000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11202500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11202500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11202500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11202500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        51257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        42898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        94155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        94155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        94155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        94155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.806452                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.806452                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19306.024096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19306.024096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22468.309859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22468.309859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10280                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10280                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20112.208259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20112.208259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20112.208259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20112.208259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       414000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.806452                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806452                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11529.801325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11529.801325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14023.148148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14023.148148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         8280                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8280                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12569.498069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12569.498069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12569.498069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12569.498069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  48435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            45756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               42366                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  41626                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.253316                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          174747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             30691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        266889                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      48435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             42269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                        96584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   3759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles                 36275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         6390                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          712                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    22267                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  266                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            173057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.542203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.085998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   76473     44.19%     44.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   49798     28.78%     72.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    7404      4.28%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3211      1.86%     79.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     674      0.39%     79.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   30262     17.49%     96.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1242      0.72%     97.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     752      0.43%     98.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    3241      1.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              173057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.277172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.527288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   36897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                31644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    89441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 6284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  2401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                263319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  2401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   37621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  18625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         12236                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    83428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                12356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                261093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents                   35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             181374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               493566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          493566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               168473                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   12901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1100                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    15080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               72313                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              33498                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            35025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           28444                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    214608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   217768                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          10976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11107                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           637                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       173057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.258360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.300957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              74099     42.82%     42.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              26214     15.15%     57.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              33561     19.39%     77.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              34357     19.85%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3304      1.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1156      0.67%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                256      0.15%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 51      0.03%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 59      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         173057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     17      5.65%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    74     24.58%     30.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210     69.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               107188     49.22%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               77805     35.73%     84.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              32775     15.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                217768                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.246190                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        301                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001382                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            609024                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           233287                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       215963                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                218069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           28178                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2489                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1471                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                    915                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   65                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             258202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                72313                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               33498                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    66                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           465                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          926                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1391                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               216605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                71227                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        35937                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      103922                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   45106                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     32695                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.239535                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        216253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       215963                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   120625                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   125288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.235861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.962782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           7020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       164266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.494880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.964665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        74448     45.32%     45.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        43200     26.30%     71.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6076      3.70%     75.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         7927      4.83%     80.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1577      0.96%     81.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28745     17.50%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          476      0.29%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1000      0.61%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          817      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       164266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              245558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                245558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        101851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        69824                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       6301                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     44289                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   168258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                  817                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      421045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     518771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       37143                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     204183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       204183                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total               204183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.855835                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.855835                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.168449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.168449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  370277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 173276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 105484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                83.493778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                   21789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                 50.672093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    83.493778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.163074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.163074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        21789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        21789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           21789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        21789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          21789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        22267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        22267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        22267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        22267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        22267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        22267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.021467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14296.025105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14296.025105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14296.025105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14296.025105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14296.025105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14296.025105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5518500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5518500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5518500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5518500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.019311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12833.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12833.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12833.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12833.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12833.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12833.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                25.660288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   38032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                    28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs               1358.285714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    25.660288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.050118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.050118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        31820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        74444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           74444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        74444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          74444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5612500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5612500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2750000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       572000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8362500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8362500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8362500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8362500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        43031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        31954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        74985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        74985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        74985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        74985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.794521                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.794521                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13789.926290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13789.926290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20522.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20522.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9862.068966                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9862.068966                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15457.486137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15457.486137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15457.486137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15457.486137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1373500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1373500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1349000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1349000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       456000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.794521                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794521                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8531.055901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8531.055901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13356.435644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13356.435644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7862.068966                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7862.068966                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10391.221374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10391.221374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10391.221374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10391.221374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  45379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            42609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               39317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  38445                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.782130                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    651                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          174437                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             32466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        246453                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      45379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             39096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                        91198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   3791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.BlockedCycles                 39692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles         6399                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          699                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    24152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  266                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            172879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.425581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.034525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   81681     47.25%     47.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   47531     27.49%     74.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    8280      4.79%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3183      1.84%     81.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                     751      0.43%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   26265     15.19%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1130      0.65%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     760      0.44%     98.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3298      1.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              172879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.260145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.412848                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   39667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                34044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    83244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 7105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  2420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                242894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  2420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   40390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  21128                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         12127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    76402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                14013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                240516                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LSQFullEvents                   44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             166179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               449032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          449032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               153365                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   12814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    16705                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               65194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              29511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            31885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           24466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    196370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   200412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          10978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           643                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       172879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.159262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.284832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              79312     45.88%     45.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              28822     16.67%     62.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              29551     17.09%     79.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              30339     17.55%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3334      1.93%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1154      0.67%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                261      0.15%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 49      0.03%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 57      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         172879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     12      4.07%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      4.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    73     24.75%     28.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210     71.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               100076     49.94%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     49.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               71520     35.69%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              28816     14.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                200412                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.148908                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        295                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001472                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            574125                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           215907                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       198595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                200707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           24188                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1474                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  2420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                    942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   58                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             237691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                65194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               29511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1069                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    58                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1407                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               199248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                64095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        32807                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                       92831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   41971                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     28736                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.142235                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        198881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       198595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   109565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   114222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.138491                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.959229                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          12643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           7871                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       164060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.371620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.908371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        80528     49.08%     49.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        40048     24.41%     73.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6110      3.72%     77.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         8758      5.34%     82.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1552      0.95%     83.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24728     15.07%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          520      0.32%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1010      0.62%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          806      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       164060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              225028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                225028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         90734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        62697                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       7153                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     41151                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   154003                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                  806                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      400338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     477767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       37453                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     185938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       185938                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total               185938                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.938146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.938146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.065932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.065932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  337021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 158120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                  94371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                80.241223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                   23677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                 55.191142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    80.241223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.156721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.156721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        23677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        23677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           23677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        23677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          23677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6195500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6195500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6195500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6195500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6195500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6195500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        24152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        24152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        24152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        24152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        24152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.019667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.019667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.019667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13043.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13043.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13043.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13043.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13043.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13043.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4977500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4977500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4977500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4977500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 11602.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11602.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 11602.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11602.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 11602.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11602.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                24.570062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   34044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs               1215.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    24.570062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.047988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.047988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        39468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        27827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        67295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           67295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        67295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          67295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       603500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       603500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      8188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      8188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        39889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        27965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        67854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        67854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        67854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        67854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004935                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13325.415677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13325.415677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18681.159420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18681.159420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10405.172414                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10405.172414                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14647.584973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14647.584973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14647.584973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14647.584973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1250000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1250000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       487500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       487500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8877.300613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8877.300613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11792.452830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11792.452830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8405.172414                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8405.172414                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10026.022305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10026.022305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10026.022305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10026.022305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       425.302863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            1445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          2.741935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.824834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           289.870828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            59.081037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            62.204312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data             5.605545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst             4.564656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data             0.760691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             1.668516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.data             0.722445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.004423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.000902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.000949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.data            0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.006490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                74                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               82                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18249500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        68500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       216500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        68500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       29039500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5402500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       997000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       868500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       757000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8025000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18249500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10005500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data       937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       216500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        37064500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18249500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10005500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data       937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       216500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       37064500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.936709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.192941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.011655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.961039                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.192941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.032558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.318396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.192941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.318396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50693.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62202.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52768.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 95142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 60035.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        68500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        43300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        68500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53381.433824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57473.404255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76692.307692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        72375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63083.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61259.541985                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50693.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59556.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52768.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        83150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 60035.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72076.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        43300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        63500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54910.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50693.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59556.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52768.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        83150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 60035.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 72076.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        43300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        63500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54910.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13764287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3693044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3149062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       578256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       315757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       113753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21726661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       184010                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       201018                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       172013                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       200514                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       757555                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4247058                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       839755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       720010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       608510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6415333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13764287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7940102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3149062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1418011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       315757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       776261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       113753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       664761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28141994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13764287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7940102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3149062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1418011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       315757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       776261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       113753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       664761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28141994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.606780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.936709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.183529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961039                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.606780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.183529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.311792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.606780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.183529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38447.729050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        49906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40372.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        82608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 39469.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 37917.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40993.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10222.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10050.900000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10118.411765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10553.368421                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10237.229730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45181.468085                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64596.538462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60000.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 50709.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48972.007634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38447.729050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47262.511905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40372.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70900.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 39469.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59712.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 37917.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51135.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42574.877458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38447.729050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47262.511905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40372.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70900.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 39469.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59712.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 37917.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51135.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42574.877458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
