
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041622                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41622221000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41622221000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  47594                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    47594                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21554846                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 275256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1930.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    91903056                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91903056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            178816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               316032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       178816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          178816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               2144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              4296167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3296701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 7592867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         4296167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            4296167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             4296167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             3296701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                7592867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          4938                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           4938                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       316032                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 316032                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   311                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   344                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   302                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   259                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   224                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   279                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   294                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   290                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  301                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  345                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  357                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  333                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  382                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41622168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    4938                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      3236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       23362750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 122110250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     24690000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    74057500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        4731.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14997.47                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24728.69                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           7.59                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   7.59                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       4243                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      8428952.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                13412628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9650145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           4269214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              7424480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 3768497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             50.757723                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1029619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     19996247                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                         10                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 19996257                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6501860                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                        23                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6501883                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     26498107                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 26498140                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     9956943                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        49                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 9956992                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  389                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                         83244443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken      5905664                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken      7506964                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads     73570548                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites     62575472                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses    136146020                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads      2206128                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites      5851888                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses      8058016                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards       38521871                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                   26722393                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect      3469296                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       799060                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted        4268356                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted           5972346                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     41.680307                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions         57404029                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies            458253                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                      82970150                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                           10684                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         7636716                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                         75607727                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         90.826155                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                          19996198                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                          6501103                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       10240685                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                            7723346                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                             389                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                           43665352                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                          3775974                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    91903056                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                      91903056                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              91903056                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.905785                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.905785                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.104014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.104014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                 27564085                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                  55680358                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               66.887778                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                 33992749                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                  49251694                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               59.165143                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                 33393108                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                  49851335                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               59.885481                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                 65217942                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                  18026501                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               21.654900                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                 29384710                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                  53859733                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               64.700695                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   7635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1492.649281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                  9945578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   9520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                1044.703571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1492.649281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.728833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.728833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      9945578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9945578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       9945578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9945578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      9945578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9945578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        11365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         11365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        11365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          11365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        11365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         11365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259163500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    259163500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259163500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    259163500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    259163500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    259163500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      9956943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9956943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      9956943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9956943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      9956943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9956943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22803.651562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22803.651562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22803.651562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22803.651562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22803.651562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22803.651562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    209587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    209587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209587500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    209587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209587500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22015.493697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22015.493697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22015.493697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22015.493697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 22015.493697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22015.493697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse              2190.263303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                    6793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                  3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.069775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks    17.839003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   1821.325102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    351.099198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.055582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.010715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.066842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         6726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           6779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          107                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         6726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            6805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           6805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          4938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     24055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     84148000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     84148000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    108203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    240734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    132531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    108203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    240734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        11743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         9520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        11743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.321761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47434.323550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57002.369668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48689.832090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48866.434379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48866.434379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47434.323550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50467.817164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48751.417578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47434.323550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50467.817164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48751.417578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97814921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     18797852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116612773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     63183937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63183937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97814921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     81981789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    179796710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     97814921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     81981789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    179796710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.888421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.293487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.964462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35008.919470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44544.672986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36260.190609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36692.181765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36692.181765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35008.919470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38237.774720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36410.836371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 35008.919470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38237.774720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36410.836371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                    157                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               1441.801421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 26488625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   2223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs               11915.710751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    1441.801421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.352002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.352002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     19995623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        19995623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6493002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6493002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26488625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26488625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26488625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26488625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         8101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         8676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          8676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     31369500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31369500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    346048500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346048500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    377418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    377418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    377418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    377418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19996198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6501103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     26497301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54555.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54555.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42716.763363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42716.763363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43501.383126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43501.383126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43501.383126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43501.383126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13712                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.681265                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         6353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         6453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     25078500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25078500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     86165500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86165500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    111244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    111244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52796.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52796.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49293.764302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49293.764302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50042.285200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50042.285200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50042.285200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50042.285200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
