
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19339000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   19339000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26477                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26474                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88053451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 270344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5814                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                29120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           1049071824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            456693728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1505765551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      1049071824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         1049071824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          1049071824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           456693728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1505765551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           455                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                            455                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                        29120                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                  29120                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                      0                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                    89                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                    11                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                    15                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                    32                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                    22                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                    15                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                    36                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                    33                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                    15                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                    29                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                   45                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                   36                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                    5                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                   25                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                   10                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                   37                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        19292000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     455                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                        2650000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  13958750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2275000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                     9033750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5824.18                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    19854.40                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30678.57                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1505.77                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                1505.77                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          11.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.72                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                        334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   73.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        42400.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    1154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted               858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                  877                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             38.312429                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                      86                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 32                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    8                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            38679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken          429                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken          725                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads         5127                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites         3396                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses         8523                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads            3                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites            1                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses            4                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards           1292                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                       2229                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect          274                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          320                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted            594                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted               321                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     64.918033                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions             3135                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                 3                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    1                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                          9463                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                             477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           33303                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                             5376                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         13.899015                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                              1163                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                              925                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                            915                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                                657                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              10                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                               2144                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                                0                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5814                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                          5814                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total                  5814                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               6.652735                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.652735                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.150314                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.150314                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                    35030                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                      3649                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization                9.434060                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                    35863                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                      2816                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization                7.280436                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                    35914                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                      2765                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization                7.148582                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                    37453                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                      1226                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization                3.169679                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                    35777                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                      2902                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization                7.502779                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     13                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                149.398891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                      429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                   1.344828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     149.398891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.072949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.072949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total              429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total             429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18937500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18937500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18937500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18937500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     18937500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18937500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total          775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total          775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.446452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.446452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.446452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.446452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.446452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.446452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54732.658960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54732.658960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54732.658960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54732.658960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54732.658960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54732.658960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     17329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     17329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     17329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.411613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.411613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.411613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54322.884013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54322.884013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54322.884013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54322.884013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54322.884013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54322.884013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse               206.866533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                       2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                   404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  0.004950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    151.045990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     55.820543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.006313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16983500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22145500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2560500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2560500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16983500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     24706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     16983500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     24706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53575.709779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54815.594059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50205.882353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50205.882353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53575.709779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55960.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54298.901099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53575.709779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55960.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54298.901099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13055265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4090554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17145819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      1925038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1925038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13055265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6015592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19070857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13055265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6015592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19070857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41183.801262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47017.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42440.146040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37745.843137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37745.843137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41183.801262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43591.246377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41913.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41183.801262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43591.246377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41913.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                 89.917113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                     1644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                    138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  11.913043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      89.917113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.021952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.021952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            93                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     14767500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14767500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     20394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     20394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     20394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     20394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.379459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.212644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.212644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.212644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.212644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        60500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        60500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 42072.649573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42072.649573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45932.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45932.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45932.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45932.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2614500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2614500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60408.045977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60408.045977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51264.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51264.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57028.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57028.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57028.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57028.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
