
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.607388                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                607388314000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               607388314000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    73427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               27504625                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 294932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 22083.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   880025277                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1621493927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             57920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1693120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1751040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        57920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           57920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       162112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            162112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              26455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                95359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2787541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2882900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           95359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              95359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            266900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 266900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            266900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               95359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2787541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3149800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         27361                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2533                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          29894                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1751040                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    162112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1751040                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 162112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1642                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1656                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1655                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1701                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1714                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1717                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1730                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1739                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1728                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1751                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   161                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   154                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  164                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    607388300000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   27361                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2533                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     26894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                       89920500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 894824250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    136805000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   668098750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3286.45                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    24417.92                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32704.37                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.88                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   2.88                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.27                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.62                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      16432                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1027                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   60.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  40.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     20318067.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               158363276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         158363276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          26388177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             84556073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                84327975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.730241                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   48                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1214776629                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          179085869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1458535582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   158363276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           84327975                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     399051382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                88177914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              574644515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   45                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           339                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 188128638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              12060508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         1214415274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.059853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.253551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                822580385     67.73%     67.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 26905566      2.22%     69.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 13181581      1.09%     71.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 20540967      1.69%     72.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 26638083      2.19%     74.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 18230799      1.50%     76.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 31362370      2.58%     79.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 39059510      3.22%     82.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                215916013     17.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           1214415274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.130364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.200662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                288243803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             497890873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 274138871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              92508603                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               61633124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2344113948                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               61633124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                336916939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               124193279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 304031533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             387637737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2248223321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              242707605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents             120173474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2618640021                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5724414358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       5724407502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              6856                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1886895260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                731744761                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 86                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 731270344                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            531930252                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           219281722                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         342004102                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        144706308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1994081706                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 268                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1783937479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            271890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       372188972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    760599366                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            219                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    1214415274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.468968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.421626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           360308657     29.67%     29.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           364274837     30.00%     59.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           234367873     19.30%     78.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           141282709     11.63%     90.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            60755557      5.00%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            39735013      3.27%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            11052402      0.91%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             2038744      0.17%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              599482      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1214415274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  457362     15.66%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     15.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                2260297     77.38%     93.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                203472      6.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          46812177      2.62%      2.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1065743062     59.74%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     62.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            478833230     26.84%     89.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           192549010     10.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1783937479                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.468531                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2921131                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4785482838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2366447244                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1724674774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 415                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               2104                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          108                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1740046229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     204                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        210002024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    112888130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39196                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       182689                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     31095664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2343                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            45                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               61633124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1215598                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                109803                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1994081974                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          63261504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             531930252                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            219281722                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 80                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  53150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2875                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         182689                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        2045744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24472235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             26517979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1766179614                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             474605200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          17757865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    666327456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                110355440                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  191722256                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.453913                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1725787981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1724674882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1267085899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1828860280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.419747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.692828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       372589426                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              49                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          26388224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1152782150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.406592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.830218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    418160632     36.27%     36.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    415035897     36.00%     72.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     86967576      7.54%     79.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    122159323     10.60%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     24161943      2.10%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     25351733      2.20%     94.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     16436685      1.43%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12048526      1.05%     97.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     32459835      2.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1152782150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            880025277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1621493927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      607228180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     419042122                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  107161574                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1621354439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              32459835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   3114405668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4049835519                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           58880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          361355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   880025277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1621493927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             880025277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.380388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.380388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.724434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.724434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               3542838094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1974489722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       108                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               910800153                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                816.521748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                188127242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               204042.561822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     816.521748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.398692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.398692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    188127247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       188127247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     188127247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        188127247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    188127247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       188127247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    188128638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    188128638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    188128638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    188128638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    188128638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    188128638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47652.767793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47652.767793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47652.767793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47652.767793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 47652.767793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47652.767793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          175                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           35                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48200500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48200500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48200500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48200500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48200500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51940.193966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51940.193966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51940.193966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51940.193966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51940.193966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51940.193966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  2555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22257.251564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  531421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 24192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 21.966807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 20781.354031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    799.332721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    676.564812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.634197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.024394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.020647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.679237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       199286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         199303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       429059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       429059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       224456                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       224456                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       423742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          423759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       423742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         423759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         5462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21899                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21899                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         27361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        27361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    330436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1133219500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1133219500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1463655500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1510739500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1463655500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1510739500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       203843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       429059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       429059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       246355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       246355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       450198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       451120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       450198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       451120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.088892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.088892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52026.519337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72511.740180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69117.539363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51747.545550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51747.545550                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52026.519337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55324.141972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55215.068894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52026.519337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55324.141972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55215.068894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             2533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35849736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    273446014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309295750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    860917120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    860917120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35849736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1134363134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170212870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35849736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1134363134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170212870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.088892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39612.967956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60005.708580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56626.830831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39313.079136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39313.079136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39612.967956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42877.348579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42769.375023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 39612.967956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42877.348579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42769.375023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 446101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4092.714287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                452328275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 450197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1004.734094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              861652000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4092.714287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    264388646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       264388646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    187939623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      187939623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     452328269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        452328269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    452328269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       452328269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       211237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        211237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       246435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       246435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       457672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         457672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       457672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        457672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3022054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3022054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4117738500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4117738500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7139792500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7139792500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7139792500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7139792500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    264599883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    264599883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    188186058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    188186058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    452785941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    452785941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    452785941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    452785941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14306.461463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14306.461463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16709.227585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16709.227585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15600.238817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15600.238817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15600.238817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15600.238817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          388                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.023256                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       429059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            429059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         7468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       203848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       203848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       246356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       246356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       450204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       450204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       450204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       450204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2529010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2529010500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3624235500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3624235500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6153246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6153246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6153246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6153246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12406.354244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12406.354244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14711.375002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14711.375002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13667.683983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13667.683983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13667.683983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13667.683983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
