
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000263                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   262970500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  262970500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 110323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110323                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43749084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 287188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      663135                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        663135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            69361392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40156596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            16062638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             5597586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              486747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             3650600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              243373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             3650600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               139209531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       69361392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       16062638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         486747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         243373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           86154150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           69361392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40156596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           16062638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            5597586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             486747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            3650600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             243373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            3650600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              139209531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          525941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     158580                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       158580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               109212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        26033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      109212                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             315794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110818                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        74024                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      49009                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     25015                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                    525941                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               212.410852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                  158176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                338.706638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   212.410852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.414865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.414865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       158176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         158176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       158176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          158176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       158176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         158176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       158643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       158643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       158643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       158643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       158643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38850.107066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38850.107066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38850.107066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38850.107066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38850.107066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38850.107066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36850.107066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36850.107066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36850.107066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36850.107066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 36850.107066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36850.107066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               145.568014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                   73491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                   167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                440.065868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   145.568014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.284313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.284313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4683500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4683500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7047500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7047500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       364500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       364500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27388.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27388.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38301.630435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38301.630435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14019.230769                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14019.230769                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33045.070423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33045.070423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33045.070423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33045.070423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4341500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6679500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6679500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       312500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       312500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25388.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25388.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36301.630435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36301.630435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12019.230769                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12019.230769                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31045.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31045.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31045.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31045.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          525940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     166746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       166746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               110403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        32184                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      110403                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             275077                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            104543                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        54388                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      40871                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     13517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              69336.869902                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              456603.130098                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.868166                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.131834                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                70.021877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                  166413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                454.680328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    70.021877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.136761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.136761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       166413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         166413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       166413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          166413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       166413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         166413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      7565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       166779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       166779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       166779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       166779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       166779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20669.398907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20669.398907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20669.398907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20669.398907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 20669.398907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20669.398907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18669.398907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18669.398907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18669.398907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18669.398907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 18669.398907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18669.398907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                27.686467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   29411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                980.366667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    27.686467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.054075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.054075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        40710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        13344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        54054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           54054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        54054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          54054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2954500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2954500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1962000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1962000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       274000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       274000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        40863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        13450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        54313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        54313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        54313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        54313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19310.457516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19310.457516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18509.433962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18509.433962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         5480                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5480                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18982.625483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18982.625483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18982.625483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18982.625483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           50                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2648500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2648500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       174000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       174000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007881                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17310.457516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17310.457516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16509.433962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16509.433962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         3480                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3480                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16982.625483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16982.625483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16982.625483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16982.625483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          525941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     169995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       169995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               110917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        33551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      110917                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             271666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            102578                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        53535                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      41127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     12408                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              69585.001735                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              456355.998265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.867694                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.132306                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse                65.527396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                  169662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                463.557377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    65.527396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.127983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_percent::total        0.127983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       169662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         169662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       169662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          169662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       169662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         169662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      5281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       170028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       170028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       170028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       170028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       170028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14428.961749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.961749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14428.961749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.961749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14428.961749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.961749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      4549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12428.961749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12428.961749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12428.961749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12428.961749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12428.961749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12428.961749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse                25.908378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   27066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                    29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                933.310345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    25.908378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.050602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.050602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        40963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        12235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        53198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           53198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        53198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          53198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           51                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2754500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2754500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1914500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1914500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       286000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       286000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        41120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        12340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        53460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        53460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.772727                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.772727                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17544.585987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17544.585987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18233.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18233.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5607.843137                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5607.843137                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17820.610687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17820.610687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17820.610687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17820.610687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           51                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2440500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2440500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1704500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1704500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       184000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15544.585987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15544.585987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16233.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16233.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3607.843137                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3607.843137                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15820.610687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15820.610687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15820.610687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15820.610687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          525940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     167814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       167814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               111369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        32222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      111369                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             278793                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            105918                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        55316                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      41342                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     13974                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              69844.868934                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              456095.131066                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.867200                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.132800                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                67.672766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                  167480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                456.348774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    67.672766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.132173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_percent::total        0.132173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       167480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       167480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          167480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       167480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         167480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       167847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       167847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       167847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       167847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       167847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14065.395095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14065.395095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14065.395095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14065.395095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14065.395095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14065.395095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12065.395095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12065.395095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12065.395095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12065.395095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12065.395095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12065.395095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                26.814972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   30179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs               1040.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    26.814972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.052373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.052373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        13787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        54951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           54951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        54951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          54951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           69                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2201500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2201500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       368000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       368000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      5005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      5005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        13893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           79                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        55228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        55228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        55228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        55228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.873418                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.873418                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16394.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16394.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20768.867925                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20768.867925                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  5333.333333                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18068.592058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18068.592058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18068.592058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18068.592058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           69                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1989500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1989500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       230000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.873418                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873418                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14394.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14394.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18768.867925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18768.867925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3333.333333                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3333.333333                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16068.592058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16068.592058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16068.592058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16068.592058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       349.061652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            1220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          2.843823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.889079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           231.800504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            54.209816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            51.703511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data             6.143370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst             1.773026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data             0.811968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst             0.886563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3.data             0.843815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.003537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3.data            0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.005326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst               12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               66                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3451500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       568500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       385500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        95500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       23392500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5174000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       741000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       740000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7439500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14917500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8625500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1203500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       568500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data       841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       385500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       835500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        30832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14917500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8625500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      3455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1203500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       568500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data       841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       385500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       835500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       30832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.180328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.024523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.269461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.975610                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.180328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.024523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.326711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.180328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.032787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.024523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.326711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52342.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52295.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52348.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        47375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        50000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 42833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        47750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51983.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52262.626263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52300                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52928.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52857.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52390.845070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52342.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52275.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52348.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52326.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        47375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 42833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52218.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52081.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52342.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52275.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52348.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52326.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        47375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 42833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52218.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52081.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11405500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        82500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1124491                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       601497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       642995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       840000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3208983                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3964000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       600000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       571500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       569500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5705000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11405500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        82500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       609500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11405500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      2640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        82500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       609500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.180328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.180328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.180328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40019.298246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        41250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40018.604651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40160.392857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40099.800000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40187.187500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40112.287500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40040.404040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40821.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40678.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40176.056338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40019.298246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40024.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        41250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40766.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40633.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40057.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 40019.298246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40024.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        41250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40766.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40633.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40057.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
