
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.401342                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2401342096000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2401342096000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 175097                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   224879                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6969589731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 401152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   344.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60328983                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77480984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           503328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7112656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            84416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           676928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           175488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1287544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124660072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       503328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        84416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       175488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          763232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3746176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1490172                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        199452                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1326192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6761992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            111169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             20131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           372543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            49863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           331548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47814542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              209603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2961950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               35154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              281896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               73079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              536177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51912667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         209603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          35154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          73079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             317836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1560034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             620558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              83059                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             552271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2815922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1560034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47814542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             209603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3582508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              35154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             364954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              73079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1088448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54728589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      12617688                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       398836                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          54540                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    807532032                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  25525504                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              102888120                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2640844                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               2353                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                789096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                788745                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                788844                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                789174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                789012                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                788711                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                788870                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                788937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                788603                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                788021                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               788041                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               788285                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               788254                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               788096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               788287                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               788712                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 24959                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 24829                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 24777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 25058                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 24837                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 24647                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 24874                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 25287                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 25154                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 24830                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                24779                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                24767                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                24961                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                24885                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                24973                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                25219                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                       14353                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2400306886500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      14                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                12582912                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   34762                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 381411                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17425                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    815618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    791939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    797694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   2998185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2260881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2261175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2249620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     49272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     49182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     91374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                   133573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    91390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     6962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     6950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     6938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     6930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     17348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    17344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    17339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    17336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    17327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    17323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    17318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    17314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    17310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    14409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    14399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    14391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    14365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    14363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    14361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    14359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    14357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    14355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                   277103451000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              352917846000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  63088440000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 12725955000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       21961.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1008.58                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27970.09                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         336.28                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  42.85                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   1.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.39                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   12563138                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    392488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  98.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       184404.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         63237                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     50354.010104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1750448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        128633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.608079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                  2374435270500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        36848.768831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          5153.236731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          3773.370268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       0.993318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           798.048897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           747.701698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker       4.908414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker       0.004219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          1438.199404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          1588.778182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.562268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.078632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.057577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.012177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.011409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker      0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.021945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.768341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             463260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             169090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             132093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              65269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             284683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             139174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1291733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597885                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597885                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60858                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            19337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33381                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              463260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              229948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              132093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               84606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              284683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              172555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1405309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             463260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             229948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             132093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              84606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             284683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             172555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1405309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1422                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           507                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           976                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2905                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         105543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          18165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            111923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             20720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           111923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            20720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155016                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73672500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    155784998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      479079498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       114500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       137000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       251500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    433368500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    962108000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1395476500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    501569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1117892998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      1874555998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    501569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    180939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1117892998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     1874555998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         470711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         175470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         133412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          66461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         287425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         141729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1313382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597885                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597885                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1435                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          511                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2937                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        51546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          470711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          341871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          133412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           95457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          287425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          193275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1560325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         470711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         341871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         133412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          95457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         287425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         193275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1560325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.018027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990941                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992172                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.984864                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.989105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.634269                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333115                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.352404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.540072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.327384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.009887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.113674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.009540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.107205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.327384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.009887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.113674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.009540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.107205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55854.814253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57215.184564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65987.964989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60972.601957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22129.405423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   225.838264                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   140.368852                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    86.574871                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44866.808158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52964.932563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10463.431733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55854.814253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46223.297392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65987.964989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53952.364768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12092.661390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 55854.814253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46223.297392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        68900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 65987.964989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53952.364768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12092.661390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          507                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          976                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1483                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         27824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            35631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        20712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           35631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57127819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53323692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       281255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146773160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    123717895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    381336323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5104986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9760976                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14865962                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    313086148                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    735597828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048683976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57127819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    366409840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       281255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146773160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    859315723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1430020299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     57127819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    366409840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       281255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146773160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    859315723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1430020299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25256698500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26538798011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51795496511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    642972863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   9826952545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10469925408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25899671363                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  36365750556                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  62265421919                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.017971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.992172                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.984864                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504937                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.333115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.352404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.022836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 43311.462472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44734.640940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53527.775346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 48573.967413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48845.436531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10069.005917                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10024.249494                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32413.929806                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40495.338728                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37689.907131                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 43311.462472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33767.379965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53527.775346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41488.785390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40134.161236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 43311.462472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33767.379965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        56251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53527.775346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41488.785390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40134.161236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8063471                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6217                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6637313                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     2039                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                691                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5696                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   115                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      213                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8069688                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6639352                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14700784                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14709040                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32681637                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3491                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                691                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2596                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32685128                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32681637                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3491                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32685128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       114010154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32191031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42397842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37550478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5152                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1189151                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4236395                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37550478                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5152                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          191293724                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39622664                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3662                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15365306                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8431456                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6933850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              13419590967.275719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -13305580813.275719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -116.705226                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  117.705226                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82893                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                892475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.602627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                44228984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                892987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 49.529259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            8120621000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   478.244790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    17.725575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    15.632262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.934072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.034620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.030532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32212887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8260747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3755350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44228984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32212887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8260747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3755350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        44228984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32212887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8260747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3755350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       44228984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       471430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       133687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       311925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       917042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       471430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       133687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       311925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        917042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       471430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       133687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       311925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       917042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1801927500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4162865992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5964793492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1801927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4162865992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5964793492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1801927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4162865992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5964793492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32684317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8394434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4067275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45146026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32684317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8394434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4067275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     45146026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32684317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8394434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4067275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     45146026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13478.703988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13345.727313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6504.384196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13478.703988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13345.727313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6504.384196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13478.703988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13345.727313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6504.384196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.712121                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        24041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        24041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       133687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       421571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       133687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       421571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       133687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       287884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       421571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1534553500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3395985992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4930539492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1534553500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3395985992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4930539492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1534553500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3395985992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4930539492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11478.703988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11796.369343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11695.632508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11478.703988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11796.369343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11695.632508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11478.703988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11796.369343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11695.632508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                630091                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.997116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                23225610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                630603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 36.830795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              21763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   495.760102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     9.700202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.536812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.018946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.012767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6944978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1884503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4480327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13309808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5958718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1341197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2127096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9427011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        33990                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        73049                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137743                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        35715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        73934                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12903696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3225700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6607423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22736819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12903696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3225700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6607423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22736819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       169098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        64736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       284633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       518467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       167836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        29507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       592008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       789351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6372                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1725                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3872                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       336934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        94243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       876641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1307818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       336934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        94243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       876641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1307818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    902119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4115909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5018028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    726856500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18065670403                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18792526903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22582000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     52183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     74765000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        77000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1628975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22181579403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23810554903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1628975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22181579403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23810554903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7114076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1949239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4764960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13828275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6126554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1370704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2719104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        76921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250379                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       137743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        35715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        73939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247397                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13240630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3319943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7484064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24044637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13240630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3319943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7484064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24044637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.059735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046260                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048299                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.050337                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047804                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000068                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13935.352818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14460.406910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9678.587065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24633.358186                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30515.922763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23807.567106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13091.014493                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13477.014463                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6246.553597                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        15400                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15400                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17284.843437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25302.922637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18206.321448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17284.843437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25302.922637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18206.321448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8914                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          958                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             47                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.937667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    20.382979                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597885                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       146334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       539505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       539505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          408                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       685839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       685839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       685839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       685839                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        64736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       138299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       203035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        29507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        52503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1725                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5189                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       190802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       285045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        94243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       190802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       285045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    772647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1796404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569051500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    667842500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1409486493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2077328993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19132000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     40548500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59680500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1440489500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3205890993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4646380493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1440489500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3205890993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4646380493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27592646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28973998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56566644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1275946000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  14147122763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15423068763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28868592000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  43121120763                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  71989712763                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.029024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048299                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045033                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020725                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11935.352818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12989.280472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12653.244514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22633.358186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26845.827724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25330.191355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11091.014493                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11705.687067                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11501.349008                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13400                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15284.843437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16802.187571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16300.515683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15284.843437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16802.187571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16300.515683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2164639                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2112                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1457171                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      388                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                237                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1711                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    41                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       79                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2166751                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1457559                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3621810                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2500                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3624310                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8394434                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1132                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                237                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     830                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8395566                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8394434                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1132                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8395566                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       574616929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    8189721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10425154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9334484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1998                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     315358                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1143455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9334484                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1998                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           53815468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          10115295                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1549                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                450                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3794179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2259735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1534444                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              532869113.789336                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              41747815.210664                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.072653                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.927347                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4726542                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3843019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           222839                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             2968663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2529901                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            85.220215                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 412372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21902                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10882413                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22825                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3267303                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     5867                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                511                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2312                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      661                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   167                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      479                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10905238                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3273170                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14149716                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          28692                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14178408                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4068625                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4512                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                511                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1570                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1019                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4073137                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4068625                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4512                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4073137                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88262186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9466966                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32442756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4726542                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2942273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6836207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1818602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     52204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              19340391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33911                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        57026                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          350                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4067278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               310494                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1937                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          37038296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.050561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.436650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30207118     81.56%     81.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  383553      1.04%     82.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  510773      1.38%     83.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  813677      2.20%     86.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  655447      1.77%     87.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  344842      0.93%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1012614      2.73%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  239002      0.65%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2871270      7.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            37038296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.053551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.367573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10082561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19277386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6185445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               295546                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1196299                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              612714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53722                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36760071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               181639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1196299                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10657194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6561283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11169878                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5886650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1565975                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34511546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                423021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               879548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents              92                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37019837                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            157748297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       157720764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27533                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             25797181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                11222655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            231296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        207724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3360285                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6539665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3841357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           538392                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          797336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  31744288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             511908                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34279119                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            54882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7417436                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19927896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        155705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     37038296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.925505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.580259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24460082     66.04%     66.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3918248     10.58%     76.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2351220      6.35%     82.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1973788      5.33%     88.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2795799      7.55%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             886051      2.39%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             483364      1.31%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             134520      0.36%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35224      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       37038296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18440      1.20%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1407717     91.67%     92.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               109411      7.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61375      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19374131     56.52%     56.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               25889      0.08%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  5      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              5      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           381      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            5      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11382838     33.21%     89.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3434489     10.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34279119                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.388378                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1535568                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.044796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         107208634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39678959                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27407916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               6919                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3775                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3148                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              35749638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   3674                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          207865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1585739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1960                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9442                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       583385                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5362930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       352406                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1196299                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4872349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                91583                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32337356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            60924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6539665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3841357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            369639                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2490                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9442                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        106503                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        88749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              195252                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33287010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11093708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           992109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        81160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14495137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3696488                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3401429                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.377138                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32866107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     27411064                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 15680721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 28515439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.310564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.549903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7354772                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         356203                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           169868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     35841861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.689480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.717059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27192796     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4189244     11.69%     87.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1258322      3.51%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       656013      1.83%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       572033      1.60%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       315336      0.88%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       400135      1.12%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       291160      0.81%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       966822      2.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     35841861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            20002488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              24712245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8211898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      4953926                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3168186                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3103                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 21932897                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              294982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               966822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    66417184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65371468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         360346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       51223890                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3567293863                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   19948231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     24657988                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             19948231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.424562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.424562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.226011                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.226011                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               153801675                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29257373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    22358                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   20826                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                9025255                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                240725                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 981026264436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 981026264436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 981026264436                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 981026264436                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
