
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841723                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841722715000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841722715000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 105391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   105391                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2775370642                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 350548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   663.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    69936964                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      69936964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           472704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         19361152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           152256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2812480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           294208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2695680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28440832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       472704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       152256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       294208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          919168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7466432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7466432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            302518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             43945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             42120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                444388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              256664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10512523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1440147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               82670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1527092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              159746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1463673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15442516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         256664                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          82670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         159746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             499081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4054048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4054048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4054048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             256664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10512523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1440147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              82670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1527092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             159746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1463673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19496564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        109804                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        45341                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         155197                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      7027456                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2901824                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                7027456                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2901824                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                 42                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  6899                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  6714                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  6605                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  6505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  6917                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  6919                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  6883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  6872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  7026                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  6836                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 7202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 6979                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 6884                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 6963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 6842                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 6753                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2936                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2753                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2643                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2556                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2758                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2772                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2843                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  3030                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2909                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 3191                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2889                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2835                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2906                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2802                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2699                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          10                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840710411000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  109804                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  45341                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     80889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      1187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                      377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                      354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                      162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     2345988500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4348949750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    548995000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1453966250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       21366.21                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13242.07                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  39608.28                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.82                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   3.82                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   1.58                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.17                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      99788                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     34189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  75.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     11864452.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.l2c.replacements                        337462                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65423.385083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2475374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        402624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.148103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                     614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        54864.603018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          2279.979000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2628.690447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           619.088006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           659.286821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          2246.098023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2.data          2125.639768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.837167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.034790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.040111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.009447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.010060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            0.034273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2.data            0.032435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.998282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             516841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             491603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             126887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              83607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             295482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             241937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1756357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          836151                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               836151                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            92117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            27417                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            67376                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186910                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              516841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              583720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              126887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              111024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              295482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              309313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1943267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             516841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             583720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             126887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             111024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             295482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             309313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1943267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           225256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            23009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            24998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          77538                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          20985                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          17224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115747                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            302794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             43994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             42222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           302794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            43994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            42222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156027500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1047000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    315202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1118067500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2636297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       291000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       291000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    973607000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1279851000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2253458000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156027500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2020607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    315202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2397918500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      4889755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    156027500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2020607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    315202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2397918500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     4889755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         524227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         716859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         129266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         106616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         300079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         266935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2043982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       836151                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           836151                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       169655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        48402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        84600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          524227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          886514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          129266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          155018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          300079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          351535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2346639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         524227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         886514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         129266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         155018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         300079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         351535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2346639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.314226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.215812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.015319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.093648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.140718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.740741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.457033                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.433556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.203593                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382436                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.341556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.283799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.015319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.120108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.341556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.283799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.015319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.120108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65585.329971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45503.933244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 68566.891451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44726.278102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9165.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        24250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14550                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46395.377651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74306.258709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19468.824246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65585.329971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45929.149429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 68566.891451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56793.105490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12122.197376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65585.329971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45929.149429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 68566.891451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56793.105490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12122.197376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        24998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         38209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            93192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        42222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           93192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126107876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    763949732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    257885507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    814738055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962681170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       276009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       276009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    714531723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1069638349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1784170072                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126107876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1478481455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    257885507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1884376404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746851242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    126107876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1478481455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    257885507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1884376404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3746851242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    269571500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    330624500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    600196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    336395500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    405229500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    741625000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    605967000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    735854000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1341821000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.215812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.093648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.433556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.203593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.283799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.120108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.039713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.283799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.015319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.120108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53008.775116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33202.213569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 56098.652817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32592.129570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35696.145536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23000.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23000.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34049.641315                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62101.622678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46695.021382                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53008.775116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33606.433946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 56098.652817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44630.202359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40205.717680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53008.775116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33606.433946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 56098.652817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44630.202359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40205.717680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.255752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1693877946000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.255752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.078485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.078485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9177998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9177998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4282592586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4282592586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4291770584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4291770584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4291770584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4291770584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 53052.011561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53052.011561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 103065.859309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103065.859309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 102858.492127                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102858.492127                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 102858.492127                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102858.492127                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        114365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                10981                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.414807                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5589249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5589249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3410139151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3410139151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3415728400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3415728400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3415728400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3415728400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.403543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 81003.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81003.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 203371.848223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203371.848223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 202870.368831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202870.368831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 202870.368831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202870.368831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4882466                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6004                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          119                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  427336                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3509197                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      661                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          82                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 162892                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8391663                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6665                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          201                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  590228                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2746663                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     2999                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                          99                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2749662                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928532780                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33005928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33005928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30880412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                168592                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     809679                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4456286                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30880412                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       168592                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           43182890                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22546428                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               87049                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              88627                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8421419                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4903545                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3517874                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              214028071508.499786                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              -213099538728.499786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction             -229.501363                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                  230.501363                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6421                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211353                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74794     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105678     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182553                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73427     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73427     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818570193000     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39079500      0.00%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              365062500      0.02%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22747610500      1.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841721945500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694818                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815845                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175296     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192207                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2093                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1908                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1739                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322188                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391224                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29799200000      1.62%      1.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2569954000      0.14%      1.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809352787000     98.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                952928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.202677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                42504111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                953439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 44.579791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           10247489000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   252.529954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    82.679092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   175.993631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.493223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.161483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.343738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32488547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7734067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2281497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       42504111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32488547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7734067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2281497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        42504111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32488547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7734067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2281497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       42504111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       524247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       129266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       316688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       970201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       524247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       129266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       316688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        970201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       524247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       129266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       316688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       970201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1820027500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4433734984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6253762484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1820027500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4433734984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6253762484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1820027500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4433734984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6253762484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     33012794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7863333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2598185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43474312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     33012794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7863333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2598185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     43474312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     33012794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7863333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2598185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     43474312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.121888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.121888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.121888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14079.707734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14000.325191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6445.842134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14079.707734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14000.325191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6445.842134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14079.707734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14000.325191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6445.842134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6047                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              177                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.163842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       300096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       429362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       300096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       429362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       300096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       429362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1561495500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3655561484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5217056984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1561495500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3655561484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5217056984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1561495500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3655561484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5217056984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12079.707734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12181.306928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12150.718936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12079.707734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12181.306928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12150.718936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12079.707734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12181.306928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12150.718936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements               1392518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               511.997811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                13324693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs               1393030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                  9.565259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   242.082942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    91.912647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   178.002223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.472818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.179517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.347661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4059783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1097740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2407711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7565234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3212644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       860147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1303129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5375920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       116773                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19259                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        48170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184202                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       125878                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21341                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        52053                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7272427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1957887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3710840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12941154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7272427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1957887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3710840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12941154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       707193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       104402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       546003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1357598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       169666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        48403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       557126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       775195                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9666                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         6955                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       876859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       152805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1103129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2132793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       876859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       152805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1103129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2132793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2177012500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9421187500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11598200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1393651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14650982812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16044633812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29146500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    103568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    132715000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3570663500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24072170312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27642833812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3570663500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  24072170312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27642833812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4766976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1202142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2953714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8922832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3382310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       908550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1860255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6151115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126439                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       125878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21341                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        52054                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8149286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2110692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      4813969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15073947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8149286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2110692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      4813969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15073947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.148353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.086847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.184853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.299489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103106                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126168                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092766                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.107599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20852.210686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17254.827354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8543.176993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28792.657480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26297.431482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20697.545536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13164.634146                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14891.229331                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7046.190603                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23367.451981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21821.718323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12960.861092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23367.451981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21821.718323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12960.861092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       423654                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            16794                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.226509                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   428.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       836151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           836151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       284315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       284315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       472764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       472764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1457                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       757079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       757079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       757079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       757079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       104402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       261688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       366090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        48403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        84362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       132765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2214                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5498                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7712                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       152805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       346050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       498855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       152805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       346050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       498855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1968208500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4300121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6268330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1296845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2131428631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3428273631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24718500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     69834500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94553000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3265053500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6431550131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9696603631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3265053500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6431550131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9696603631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    287785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    353197500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    640982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    356424500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    429964000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    786388500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    644209500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    783161500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1427371000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.086847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.088596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.053275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045350                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103106                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.099737                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037983                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18852.210686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16432.245651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17122.374280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26792.657480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25265.269090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25822.119015                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11164.634146                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12701.800655                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12260.503112                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21367.451981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18585.609395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19437.719640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21367.451981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18585.609395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19437.719640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1221293                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1489                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           40                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  143781                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     930282                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      202                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          24                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  59266                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2151575                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1691                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           64                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  203047                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     872259                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      756                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          43                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 873015                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953618286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7861577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7861577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7312995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 45507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     212083                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       960021                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7312995                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        45507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           10166941                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5319886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24589                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24824                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2159267                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1226545                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    932722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              -1640970508.007204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2594588794.007204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                2.720783                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                   -1.720783                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                8378030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          7687664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           128422                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6832370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                5743236                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            84.059206                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 286145                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             15066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3213070                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     11858                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          125                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  216838                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1985729                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2626                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         132                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  82100                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5198799                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14484                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          257                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  298938                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     371799                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5527                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         268                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 377326                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30456501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8496671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      34814108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    8378030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6029381                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      8102862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 619747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               9664951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               11667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63044                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        81651                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          423                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2598193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                89272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          26826827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.297735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.308224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                18723965     69.80%     69.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  272177      1.01%     70.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  439981      1.64%     72.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4242616     15.81%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  731901      2.73%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  167093      0.62%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  195068      0.73%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  431564      1.61%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1622462      6.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            26826827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.275082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.143076                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 8629429                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              9759568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7506924                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               293586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                391402                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              168327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                12875                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              34412678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                40383                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                391402                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 8983257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                2851254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5747978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  7364591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1242431                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              33259666                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                235537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               408509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           22329491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             41447748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        41283919                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups           163829                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             20504321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1825170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            503302                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         59735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3683278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3372566                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2079103                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           375078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          254621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30740575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             627044                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 30281796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            33788                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2178999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1098942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        442743                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26826827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.128788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.564676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15280016     56.96%     56.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3100114     11.56%     68.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1550183      5.78%     74.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5057659     18.85%     93.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             908873      3.39%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             486444      1.81%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             282646      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             142385      0.53%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18507      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       26826827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  34417     13.83%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     13.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                111473     44.80%     58.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               102914     41.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2448      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             24609882     81.27%     81.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20276      0.07%     81.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8461      0.03%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1224      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3342059     11.04%     92.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2007965      6.63%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            289481      0.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              30281796                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.994264                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     248804                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          87438155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33435914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29882334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             234856                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            114775                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       111304                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              30405901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 122251                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          189317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413545                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          931                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4715                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        24094                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                391402                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                2071748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               210417                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32647605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           226082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3372566                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2079103                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            556688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                148464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2072                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4171                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         65897                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              195222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30121577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3233216                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           160219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1279986                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5226048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6791959                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   1992832                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.989003                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      30026869                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     29993638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 17325737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 20548779                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.984802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.843152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2362249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         184301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           181159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26435425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.143965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.849596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16333385     61.79%     61.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2318132      8.77%     70.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1214509      4.59%     75.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4793021     18.13%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       499893      1.89%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       185577      0.70%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       178746      0.68%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       182246      0.69%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       729916      2.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26435425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            30241196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              30241196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       4874767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      2959021                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      64729                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6642526                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    110158                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 28786790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              230913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               729916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    58235962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   65598028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         242236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        3629674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1745367915                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   29069459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29069459                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             29069459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.047715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.047715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.954458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.954458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                39608389                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               21201849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    67944                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   68330                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                4592802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                258987                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
