
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.269669                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                269668883500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               269668883500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49435                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22150100                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 271532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12174.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   601856964                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     601856964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             53824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1628992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1682816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        53824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           53824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        64896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             64896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              25453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 26294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               199593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              6040712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 6240305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          199593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             199593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            240651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 240651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            240651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              199593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             6040712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6480955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         26294                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1014                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          27308                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1682816                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     64896                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1682816                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  64896                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1624                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1676                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1558                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1549                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1582                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1650                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1645                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1640                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                    60                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                    59                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                    66                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    66                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    51                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                    49                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    50                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    58                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    74                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   63                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   59                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   83                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   70                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   72                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   78                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    269668831500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   26294                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1014                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     16677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      6779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                      383236250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1095312500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    131400000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   580676250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14582.81                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    22095.75                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  41678.56                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           6.24                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   6.24                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.24                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.19                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      16315                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       296                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   62.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  29.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      9875085.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                86401588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          81471319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          36340860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             45048223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                34648139                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             76.913442                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1197609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  6                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    114517866                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       2631                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                114520497                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    39453488                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2302                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                39455790                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    153971354                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                       4933                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                153976287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    24966979                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        22                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                24967001                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        539337768                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken     37213741                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken     49187847                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads    541069811                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites    463854846                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses   1004924657                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads          162                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites           42                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses          204                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards      255160339                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                  154930401                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect     34118747                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2217126                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted       36335873                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted          26212045                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     58.092858                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions        412134920                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies              6482                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                     535759851                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                          296128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        50805895                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                        488531873                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         90.579949                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                         114514042                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                         39451321                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                       62547159                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                           36304520                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              17                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                          349039879                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                               24                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   601856964                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                     601856964                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total             601856964                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               0.896123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.896123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.115918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.115918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                200608412                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                 338729356                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               62.804679                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles                228909431                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                 310428337                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               57.557315                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles                197773731                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                 341564037                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               63.330265                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles                427958956                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                 111378812                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               20.651031                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                192540057                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                 346797711                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               64.300654                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     30                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                729.833568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 24965946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               29199.936842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     729.833568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.356364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.356364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     24965946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        24965946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      24965946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         24965946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     24965946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        24965946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     24966979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24966979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     24966979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24966979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     24966979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24966979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53898.354308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53898.354308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53898.354308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53898.354308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53898.354308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53898.354308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45946500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45946500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45946500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45946500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45946500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45946500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53738.596491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53738.596491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53738.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53738.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53738.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53738.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  1042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22879.137372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  531830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 23279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 22.845913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 21684.500481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    718.953671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    475.683220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.661758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.014517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.698216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       197082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         197096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       436887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       436887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       232860                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       232860                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       429942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          429956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       429942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         429956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         4966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21328                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21328                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        25453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         26294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        25453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        26294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44941500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    470659500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    515601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1197956000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1197956000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44941500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1668615500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1713557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44941500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1668615500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1713557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       201207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       202062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       436887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       436887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       254188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       254188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       455395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       456250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       455395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       456250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.083906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53438.168847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 114099.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103826.218284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56168.229557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56168.229557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53438.168847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65556.732016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65169.126036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53438.168847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65556.732016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65169.126036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        25453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34505688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    418277231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452782919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    932478797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932478797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34505688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1350756028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1385261716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34505688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1350756028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1385261716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.983626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41029.355529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 101400.540848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91176.584575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43720.873828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43720.873828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41029.355529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53068.637410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52683.567202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 41029.355529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53068.637410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52683.567202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 451299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4093.423663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                151786149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 455395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 333.306578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              332192000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4093.423663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    114120800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       114120800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     37665349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       37665349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     151786149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        151786149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    151786149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       151786149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       393242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        393242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1785972                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1785972                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2179214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2179214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2179214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2179214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5984700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5984700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  23169621500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23169621500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  29154321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29154321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29154321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29154321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    114514042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    114514042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     39451321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     39451321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    153965363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    153965363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    153965363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    153965363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15218.872857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15218.872857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12973.115760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12973.115760                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13378.365548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13378.365548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13378.365548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13378.365548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       191067                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              6052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.570886                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    62.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       436887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            436887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       192010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1531809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1531809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1723819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1723819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1723819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1723819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       201232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       201232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       254163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       455395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       455395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       455395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       455395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2643678500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2643678500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3782203500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3782203500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6425882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6425882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6425882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6425882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13137.465711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13137.465711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14881.015333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14881.015333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14110.567749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14110.567749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14110.567749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14110.567749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
