
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.387291                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                387290918500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               387290918500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  75176                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    75413                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20778674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 280588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18638.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1401188945                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1405604139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             76672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1678656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1755328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        76672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       162112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            162112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              26229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               197970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              4334354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4532324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          197970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             197970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            418579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 418579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            418579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              197970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4334354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4950904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         27428                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         2533                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          29961                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      1755328                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    162112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                1755328                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 162112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  1660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  1716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  1723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  1743                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  1702                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  1708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1696                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1755                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 1736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 1674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 1661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1628                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   165                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  161                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  154                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    387290890500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   27428                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   2533                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      8079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     13230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                      716281750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1441798000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    137140000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   588376250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       26114.98                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    21451.66                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  52566.65                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.42                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        17.33                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      17584                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1051                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   64.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  41.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12926500.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97760274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          88050389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           3615826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             65794197                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                65495164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.545502                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   49                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        774581838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          164861421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1642294018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    97760274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           65496491                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     329212106                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                20844019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              263270886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   67                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2530                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 161941896                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                736850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          774347981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.126883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.146753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                445135875     57.49%     57.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 74066133      9.56%     67.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 37898132      4.89%     71.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  9078559      1.17%     73.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 28105360      3.63%     76.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 18771878      2.42%     79.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 11487710      1.48%     80.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  3792341      0.49%     81.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                146011993     18.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            774347981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.126210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.120233                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                216009984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             214299096                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 284224623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              42813319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               17000959                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1636588191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               17000959                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                239857670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                36775472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       52409372                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 302053149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             126251359                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1625741176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               30927043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              73283464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          3120923                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1356412040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2746512805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2712406209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          34106596                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1244770439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                111641601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            2643056                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        2663342                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 271532800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            436949673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           179753673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         254530912                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         83488154                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1512578374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2608372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1459383903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             52245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109279211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    130205744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         364701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     774347981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.884662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.431358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           145644273     18.81%     18.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           184515384     23.83%     42.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           209689604     27.08%     69.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           131356597     16.96%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            70636694      9.12%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            20383529      2.63%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             8079794      1.04%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             3860513      0.50%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              181593      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       774347981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  108798      6.48%      6.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      6.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      6.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 95504      5.69%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1157743     69.01%     81.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                315646     18.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             866498027     59.37%     59.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     59.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     59.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             2644895      0.18%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     59.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            419117526     28.72%     88.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           171123455     11.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1459383903                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.884093                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1677691                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3677006053                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1615499463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1443256661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            17839670                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            9205608                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8545927                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1451932919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 9128675                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        215271062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34436830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        58273                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       245758                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12905531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3343                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         99974                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               17000959                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3021185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                246438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1608872021                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           4125769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             436949673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            179753673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            2525299                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 148197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  1793                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         245758                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        2269874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1473729                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3743603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1454064480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             416571691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5319423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                      93685275                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    587019661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 89035299                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170447970                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.877225                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1452686018                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1451802588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1153472607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1204727325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.874305                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.957455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119253312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3615826                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    757347022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.966765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.509958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    240030131     31.69%     31.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    275730182     36.41%     68.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     42558160      5.62%     73.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54684817      7.22%     80.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19637761      2.59%     83.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13291596      1.76%     85.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     30564343      4.04%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10573009      1.40%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     70277023      9.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    757347022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts           1485108088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1489523282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      569360985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     402512843                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   86248928                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    8452036                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1319476376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1206914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              70277023                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2295781723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3234577019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                           25986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          233857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1401188945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1405604139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1401188945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.552803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.552803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.808962                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.808962                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1979163604                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1275210426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16962684                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 10491940                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               592672173                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                2190883                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1035.819290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                161939953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               121031.355007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1035.819290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.505771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.505771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    161939953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       161939953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     161939953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        161939953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    161939953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       161939953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    161941896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    161941896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    161941896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    161941896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    161941896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    161941896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43689.140504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43689.140504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43689.140504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43689.140504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 43689.140504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43689.140504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46636.295743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46636.295743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46636.295743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46636.295743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46636.295743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46636.295743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  2556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22452.577609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  550279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 24276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 22.667614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 20742.053836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   1060.970953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    649.552820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.632997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.032378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.685198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       196380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         196520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       443878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       443878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       240642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       240642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       437022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          437162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       437022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         437162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         5647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         27428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        26229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        27428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59690500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    444912000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    504602500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1591954000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1591954000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59690500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2036866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2096556500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59690500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2036866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2096556500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       200828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       202167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       443878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       443878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       262423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       262423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       463251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       464590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       463251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       464590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.895444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.083000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.895444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.895444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49783.569641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100025.179856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89357.623517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73089.114366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73089.114366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49783.569641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77657.020855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76438.548199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 49783.569641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77657.020855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76438.548199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             2533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    389435638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434239638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1322391854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1322391854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1711827492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1756631492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1711827492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1756631492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.895444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.895444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.895444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37367.806505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87552.976169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76897.403577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60713.091869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60713.091869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37367.806505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65264.687636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64045.190754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37367.806505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65264.687636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64045.190754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 459155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4093.797450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                365215439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 463251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 788.374853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              340173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4093.797450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    200258461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       200258461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    164955659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      164955659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     365214120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        365214120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    365214120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       365214120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       922594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        922594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1891157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1891157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2813751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2813751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2813751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2813751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14741568500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14741568500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31920810636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31920810636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       150000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       150000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  46662379136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46662379136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  46662379136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46662379136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    201181055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201181055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    368027871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    368027871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    368027871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    368027871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011335                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15978.391904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15978.391904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16878.985000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16878.985000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21428.571429                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21428.571429                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16583.691711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16583.691711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16583.691711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16583.691711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       590874                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             35646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.576166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       443878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            443878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       721765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       721765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1628742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1628742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2350507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2350507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2350507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2350507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       200829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       200829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       262415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       262415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       463244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       463244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       463244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       463244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2611858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2611858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4360853500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4360853500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       136000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       136000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6972711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6972711500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6972711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6972711500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001573                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001573                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13005.382689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13005.382689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16618.156355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16618.156355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19428.571429                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19428.571429                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15051.919723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15051.919723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15051.919723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15051.919723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
