
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.993430                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                993429839500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               993429839500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61068                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    61068                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33337374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 271484                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29799.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1819780127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1819780127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             54976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         125365056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125420032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        54976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           54976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65155584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65155584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1958829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1959688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1018056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1018056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                55340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            126194172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               126249512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           55340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              55340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          65586498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               65586498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          65586498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               55340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           126194172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              191836009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1959688                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1018056                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                        2977747                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    125420032                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  65155584                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              125420032                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               65155584                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      583                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                122178                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                121799                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                121645                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                123762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                123293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                122178                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                120330                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                121053                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                121197                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                121887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               121114                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               123048                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               125176                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               123788                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               122723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               123934                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 63389                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 62256                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 62952                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 63764                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 64028                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 63763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 63369                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 63367                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 63391                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 63723                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                63292                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                64137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                64555                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                64147                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                63646                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                64277                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    993429787500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1959688                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1018056                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1630073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    205372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     87756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     35903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     41526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     43761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     44237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     44257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     44260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     44261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     44261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     44260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     44260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    44263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                      503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                    35756114000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              104195196500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   9795525000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 58643557500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18251.25                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    29933.85                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  53185.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         126.25                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          65.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 126.25                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  65.59                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.10                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.25                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     770910                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    285915                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   39.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  28.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       333618.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               326686623                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         252728421                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect         138236618                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            220072192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               135769528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             61.693177                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                16767439                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  6                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    444795652                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                    4897078                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                449692730                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   160833314                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                   1701304                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               162534618                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    605628966                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                    6598382                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                612227348                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   231949721                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        22                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               231949743                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1986859680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedTaken    172586758                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Taken (True).
system.cpu.branch_predictor.predictedNotTaken    154099865                       # Number of Branches Predicted As Not Taken (False).
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileReads   1667601840                       # Number of Reads from Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileWrites   1376202617                       # Number of Writes to Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.intRegFileAccesses   3043804457                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the Int. Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileReads          229                       # Number of Reads from FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileWrites          345                       # Number of Writes to FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.floatRegFileAccesses          574                       # Total Accesses (Read+Write) to the FP Register File
system.cpu.regfile_manager.regForwards      651738878                       # Number of Registers Read Through Forwarding Logic
system.cpu.agen_unit.agens                  617884917                       # Number of Address Generations
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedTakenIncorrect    120537665                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Taken.
system.cpu.execution_unit.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     11100495                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted As Not Taken).
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredicted      131638160                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.predicted          83561944                       # Number of Branches Incorrectly Predicted
system.cpu.execution_unit.mispredictPct     61.170119                       # Percentage of Incorrect Branches Predicts
system.cpu.execution_unit.executions       1139346059                       # Number of Instructions Executed.
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.multiplies                75                       # Number of Multipy Operations Executed
system.cpu.mult_div_unit.divides                    0                       # Number of Divide Operations Executed
system.cpu.contextSwitches                          1                       # Number of context switches
system.cpu.threadCycles                    1741702087                       # Total Number of Cycles A Thread Was Active in CPU (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCycles                                0                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU was in SMT-mode
system.cpu.timesIdled                         7484450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                       415164157                       # Number of cycles cpu's stages were not processed
system.cpu.runCycles                       1571695523                       # Number of cycles cpu stages are processed.
system.cpu.activity                         79.104505                       # Percentage of cycles cpu is active
system.cpu.comLoads                         444595663                       # Number of Load instructions committed
system.cpu.comStores                        160728502                       # Number of Store instructions committed
system.cpu.comBranches                      214632552                       # Number of Branches instructions committed
system.cpu.comNops                           83736345                       # Number of Nop instructions committed
system.cpu.comNonSpec                              29                       # Number of Non-Speculative instructions committed
system.cpu.comInts                          916086844                       # Number of Integer instructions committed
system.cpu.comFloats                              190                       # Number of Floating Point instructions committed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1819780127                       # Number of Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedOps                    1819780127                       # Number of Ops committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smtCommittedInsts                        0                       # Number of SMT Instructions committed (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1819780127                       # Number of Instructions committed (Total)
system.cpu.cpi                               1.091813                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_cpi                                nan                       # CPI: Total SMT-CPI
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.091813                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.915908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle (Per-Thread)
system.cpu.smt_ipc                                nan                       # IPC: Total SMT-IPC
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.915908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.stage0.idleCycles                800109422                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.runCycles                1186750258                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage0.utilization               59.729948                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage1.idleCycles               1053226597                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.runCycles                 933633083                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage1.utilization               46.990389                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage2.idleCycles               1014475629                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.runCycles                 972384051                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage2.utilization               48.940751                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage3.idleCycles               1577240024                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.runCycles                 409619656                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage3.utilization               20.616436                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.stage4.idleCycles                965534852                       # Number of cycles 0 instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.runCycles                1021324828                       # Number of cycles 1+ instructions are processed.
system.cpu.stage4.utilization               51.403974                       # Percentage of cycles stage was utilized (processing insts).
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                667.831181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                231948615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               270021.670547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     667.831181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.326089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.326089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    231948615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       231948615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     231948615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        231948615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    231948615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       231948615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62073500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62073500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62073500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62073500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    231949721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    231949721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    231949721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    231949721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    231949721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    231949721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56124.321881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56124.321881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56124.321881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56124.321881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 56124.321881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56124.321881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51214500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51214500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51214500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51214500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59621.071013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59621.071013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59621.071013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59621.071013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59621.071013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59621.071013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements               1926957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             30901.060234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 8958705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs               1956750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.578360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle           67146389751                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 15036.665180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     34.911189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data  15829.483865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.458883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.483078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.943026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      6044307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6044307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3693289                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3693289                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1108326                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1108326                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7152633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7152633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7152633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7152633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1177531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1178390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       781298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       781298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1958829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1959688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1958829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1959688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  83102971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83153322500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  66150043000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  66150043000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 149253014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 149303365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     50351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 149253014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 149303365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      7221838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7222697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3693289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3693289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1889624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1889624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9111462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9112321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9111462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9112321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.413467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58616.414435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70573.913553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70565.197006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84666.853109                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84666.853109                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58616.414435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76195.019575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76187.314256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58616.414435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76195.019575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76187.314256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1018056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1018056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1177531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1178390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       781298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       781298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1959688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1959688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     39688224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  68425761624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68465449848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  56456219513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56456219513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     39688224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124881981137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 124921669361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     39688224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124881981137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 124921669361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46202.821886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58109.520364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58100.840849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72259.521352                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72259.521352                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46202.821886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63753.385894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63745.692866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 46202.821886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63753.385894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63745.692866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                9107366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4082.260687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                593512555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                9111462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  65.139113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            12624962000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4082.260687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.996646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.996646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    437268759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       437268759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    156243796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      156243796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     593512555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        593512555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    593512555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       593512555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7326904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7326904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      4484706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4484706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     11811610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11811610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     11811610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11811610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 167226851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 167226851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 202255523500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 202255523500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 369482374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 369482374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 369482374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 369482374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    444595663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    444595663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    605324165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    605324165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    605324165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    605324165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22823.671635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22823.671635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45098.948181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45098.948181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31281.288029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31281.288029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31281.288029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31281.288029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     13468960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4773919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            372025                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets           65739                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.204449                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    72.619282                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3693289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3693289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       104624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       104624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2595524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2595524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2700148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2700148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2700148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2700148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7222280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7222280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1889182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1889182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9111462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9111462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9111462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9111462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 150904604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 150904604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79287604500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79287604500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 230192209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 230192209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 230192209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 230192209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20894.316545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20894.316545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 41969.277973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41969.277973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25264.025576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25264.025576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25264.025576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25264.025576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
